fjakkla	sg - f - none
tabbaba	pl - none - none
prudenza	sg - f - none
sportivi	pl - none - none
salvavita	sg - f - none
speċjalisti	pl - none - none
sulfarini	pl - none - none
moderati	pl - none - none
koppji	pl - f - none
wettieqa	pl - none - none
heddimija	sg - f - none
diġestjonijiet	pl - f - none
reżistenzi	pl - f - none
saħwa	sg - f - none
bixkliet	pl - none - none
tiflis	sg - m - none
każajrin	pl - none - none
tħajjima	sg - f - none
nisjiet	pl - none - none
xermidija	sg - f - none
kalabriżi	pl - none - none
kolpi	pl - none - none
xbejbiet	pl - none - none
nobbli	none - none - none
emendata	sg - f - none
messisin	pl - none - none
bażbuża	sg - f - none
ħasdiet	pl - none - none
qalgħa	sg - f - none
esebitur	sg - m - none
trażmissjoni	sg - f - none
mirżuħa	pl - none - none
utut	pl - none - none
tiżwiq	sg - m - none
fellejja	sg - f - none
ħawlija	sg - f - none
osfra	pl - none - none
solvut	sg - m - none
tbetbit	sg - m - none
nidjin	pl - none - none
quċċata	sg - f - none
mħatab	pl - none - none
sajjarin	pl - none - none
żejtunija	pl - none - none
sawmtajn	dl - none - none
fejjieda	sg - f - none
damma	sg - f - none
zenzina	sg - f - none
nissilin	pl - none - none
intenzjoni	sg - f - none
ħram	sg - m - none
psikoloġiċi	pl - none - none
astroloġika	sg - f - none
anzjana	sg - f - none
tiblih	sg - m - none
tgħaddir	sg - m - none
velu	sg - m - none
pragmatiżmu	sg - m - none
enofili	pl - none - none
ekonomiku	sg - m - none
tpinġija	sg - f - none
pjanta	sg - f - none
tħawwid	sg - m - none
qarrieqa	sg - f - none
tħeddila	sg - f - none
sfumatura	sg - f - none
brama	sg - f - none
żfin	sg - m - none
kewwisin	pl - none - none
vinja	sg - f - none
akkwatiċi	pl - none - none
gedwiedi	sg - m - none
xermuda	sg - f - none
ċajparija	sg - f - none
fittixija	sg - f - none
naffara	none - f - none
wieqfa	sg - f - none
tifsir	sg - m - none
żammiem	sg - m - none
ftietaħ	pl - none - none
fesfies	sg - m - none
għatisa	sg - f - none
taħbil	sg - m - none
newla	sg - f - none
amministratur	sg - m - none
xaqlibana	sg - f - none
brandi	sg - m - none
dipendenza	sg - f - none
tmallit	sg - m - none
speranza	sg - f - none
tisħiqa	sg - f - none
ġenniebi	sg - m - none
mniegħsa	sg - f - none
nerveż	sg - none - none
ħarrajja	sg - f - none
waħħarin	pl - none - none
qabbilin	pl - none - none
ċapep	pl - none - none
żemmilija	sg - f - none
qawwilija	pl - none - none
venvieni	sg - m - none
tiżmir	sg - m - none
mekkieka	sg - f - none
waddabija	sg - f - none
ħażżinin	pl - none - none
staneg	pl - none - none
televiżivi	pl - none - none
użieni	pl - none - none
klassi	sg - f - none
mħit	sg - m - none
kisriet	pl - none - none
tifħim	sg - m - none
vers	sg - m - none
tqaliet	pl - none - none
banda	sg - f - none
dixxatura	sg - f - none
sensiliet	pl - none - none
bermiċin	pl - none - none
tirreferewx	none - none - none
belgħa	sg - f - none
lussi	pl - none - none
temperatura	sg - f - none
żidiet	pl - none - none
protezzjoni	sg - f - none
kustodji	pl - none - none
Għawdxija	sg - f - none
kewkbija	sg - f - none
twegħida	sg - f - none
sersira	sg - f - none
raxkatura	sg - f - none
spettaklu	sg - m - none
naġġarija	none - f - none
fildiferruwa	sg - f - none
devozzjonijiet	pl - f - none
swiċċijiet	pl - none - none
element	sg - m - none
xwejħa	sg - m - diminutive
tidnisa	sg - f - none
sarsa	sg - f - none
beżżiqin	pl - none - none
ħaxkiena	sg - f - none
serridin	pl - none - none
tuturi	pl - none - none
pappagall	sg - m - none
palji	pl - none - none
viċini	pl - none - none
ikel	sg - m - none
griftin	pl - none - none
mans	sg - m - none
sekkikija	pl - none - none
lingwistiku	sg - m - none
nadfa	none - none - none
waħidhom	pl - none - none
qattarija	pl - none - none
qabri	sg - m - none
tħattira	sg - f - none
ċuplajsa	sg - f - none
omm	sg - f - none
rifuġjat	sg - m - none
ħażż	sg - m - none
ċajpra	sg - f - none
diżunur	sg - m - none
ansjużi	pl - none - none
ħbejżiet	pl - none - diminutive
lixxa	sg - f - none
żarradija	pl - none - none
sejjifija	pl - none - none
wqat	pl - none - none
lebbitin	pl - none - none
televiżiva	sg - f - none
smien	pl - none - none
merdquxa	sg - f - none
geġwiġin	pl - none - none
ħarries	sg - m - none
trajbu	sg - m - none
lumijiet	pl - none - none
konservati	pl - none - none
dehhiebi	sg - m - none
megħirin	pl - none - none
tiġgħida	sg - f - none
tbaħħiħa	sg - f - none
apertiv	sg - m - none
ġid	sg - m - none
qaxxari	sg - m - none
petizzjonijiet	pl - none - none
mħassra	pl - none - none
oċeaniċi	pl - none - none
nittifin	pl - none - none
evidenti	sg - m - none
lieżma	sg - f - none
misteri	pl - m - none
baldakkini	pl - none - none
tħarrix	sg - m - none
mrieżeb	pl - none - none
ġliba	sg - f - none
srejdek	none - m - none
żraġen	pl - none - none
toskani	pl - none - none
zekzikin	pl - none - none
ġebbieli	sg - m - none
tixwiq	sg - m - none
mimmata	sg - f - none
dejjieqa	sg - f - none
daħħanin	pl - none - none
dilettant	sg - m - none
nixxifin	pl - none - none
twajbin	pl - none - none
kumitati	pl - m - none
nervożiżmu	sg - m - none
ħajjatin	pl - none - none
leġġa	sg - f - none
qejjisin	pl - none - none
eskluż	sg - m - none
filarmonika	sg - f - none
Portugiża	sg - f - none
perjodu	sg - m - none
sħab	pl - none - none
kapitli	pl - none - none
tlewwiq	sg - m - none
leffiefa	sg - f - none
swieq	pl - none - none
maskri	pl - f - none
darbana	sg - f - none
dewqa	sg - f - none
ħawtiel	sg - m - none
ferriegħ	sg - m - none
nixxief	sg - m - none
kalmanti	pl - none - none
trijonfali	none - none - none
teżor	sg - m - none
aspetti	pl - m - none
tinkib	sg - m - none
molestji	pl - f - none
tkessiħ	sg - m - none
quddies	pl - none - none
żanżan	sg - m - none
twaqwiqa	sg - f - none
iżolat	sg - m - none
fellisin	pl - none - none
sapjosesswali	sg - m - none
sensiela	sg - f - none
suspettat	sg - m - none
snien	pl - none - none
fisda	sg - f - none
tberkila	sg - f - none
tberikiet	pl - none - none
telqien	sg - m - none
ħamra	sg - f - none
swejqrijiet	pl - none - none
tibtir	sg - m - none
dittura	sg - f - none
wellejjin	pl - none - none
marloġġ	sg - m - none
fdala	sg - f - none
qaħbuna	sg - f - none
trid	sg - m - none
tifħix	sg - m - none
briksiet	pl - none - none
tariffi	pl - f - none
girfa	sg - f - none
ġerriħin	pl - none - none
qafas	sg - m - none
ġiża	sg - f - none
tiżqiq	sg - m - none
setgħat	pl - none - none
distrutti	pl - none - none
qwawar	pl - none - none
xenqiet	pl - none - none
paġna	sg - f - none
tniffix	sg - m - none
vigarji	pl - none - none
żejtunin	pl - none - none
pożizzjonata	sg - f - none
mdegħxin	pl - none - none
tibdid	sg - m - none
mitfi	sg - m - none
imżattin	pl - none - none
mogħżtejn	dl - none - none
qtugħi	sg - m - none
demonju	sg - m - none
żrugħija	pl - none - none
arma	sg - f - none
mitluq	sg - m - none
tinżila	sg - f - none
ħruqi	sg - m - none
ketkutija	sg - f - none
ħasar	sg - m - none
apparati	pl - none - none
waħħara	sg - f - none
ħalliqin	pl - none - none
raxkatur	sg - m - none
kampjun	sg - m - none
ġrigħ	sg - m - none
kuċinetti	pl - none - none
tazez	pl - none - none
tħamħim	sg - m - none
bezziena	sg - f - none
fettiela	sg - f - none
bandiera	sg - f - none
konċernati	pl - none - none
miżżewġin	pl - none - none
taħwid	sg - m - none
pollakka	sg - f - none
ftaqid	sg - m - none
bkurija	sg - f - none
oqrob	none - none - comparative
kebbisija	sg - f - none
bidla	sg - f - none
ħalfiet	pl - none - none
naddar	sg - m - none
siwja	sg - f - none
ċaneg	pl - none - none
sebbieli	sg - m - none
tiswib	sg - m - none
taħtninin	pl - none - none
faqda	sg - f - none
merħija	sg - f - none
weżwiżin	pl - none - none
maħta	sg - f - none
nasra	sg - f - none
girna	sg - f - none
ħarriefa	sg - f - none
spelizza	sg - f - none
tikmid	sg - m - none
mnugħiet	pl - none - none
avveniment	sg - m - none
Feniċju	sg - m - none
trijangulari	none - none - none
debbilin	pl - none - none
trajsikil	sg - f - none
suldat	sg - m - none
kagħwixin	pl - none - none
katastrofiku	sg - m - none
żoroq	pl - none - none
tinġim	sg - m - none
ħares	sg - m - none
zoppi	pl - none - none
żebbigħin	pl - none - none
kowtijiet	pl - m - none
tiwja	sg - f - none
taqlib	sg - m - none
żurriqin	pl - none - none
bewwiet	sg - m - none
Żvizzera	sg - f - none
kavall	coll - none - none
iskop	sg - m - none
xhieda	sg - f - none
titwira	sg - f - none
tifjida	sg - f - none
tiġrijiet	pl - none - none
awtisti	pl - none - none
żmagata	sg - f - none
żarbiet	pl - none - none
bekkiet	sg - m - none
żennejjin	pl - none - none
skoċċiża	sg - f - none
formula	sg - f - none
tkemmid	sg - m - none
ċaqċiq	sg - m - none
espressivi	pl - none - none
parilji	pl - none - none
maħlul	sg - m - none
tbelligħ	sg - m - none
rilaxxati	pl - none - none
stilistiċi	pl - none - none
brimba	sg - f - none
muqrana	pl - none - none
amorini	pl - none - none
russett	sg - m - none
tewwiqin	pl - none - none
qarmuċiet	pl - none - none
tertiqin	pl - none - none
iftel	pl - none - comparative
kwistjonijiet	pl - f - none
qaxqaxa	sg - f - none
mxat	sg - m - none
xemxati	pl - none - none
invarjabbli	none - none - none
dinamiċi	pl - none - none
lagħgħaba	sg - f - none
ħawwilin	pl - none - none
kemmied	sg - m - none
awtur	sg - m - none
qroqq	sg - m - none
nassasa	pl - none - none
ger	sg - m - none
keskiesa	sg - f - none
estensiv	sg - m - none
mehliet	pl - none - none
suppervi	pl - none - none
wessiqija	pl - none - none
uħid	sg - m - none
sellitin	pl - none - none
spiżjara	sg - f - none
ħarratin	pl - none - none
sejjieħa	pl - none - none
tbeżbiża	sg - f - none
żagħfranija	pl - none - none
tħaġġib	sg - m - none
tiksiriet	pl - none - none
taħwidiet	pl - none - none
speċifiku	sg - m - none
melħiet	pl - none - none
sensala	pl - none - none
nażontes	none - m - none
gelgilija	sg - f - none
ranġamenti	pl - none - none
berbuxi	sg - m - none
negozjant	sg - m - none
għads	coll - none - none
klassiċi	pl - none - none
idjomi	pl - f - none
qalilin	pl - none - none
muntanji	pl - f - none
qsajjar	sg - m - none
taħħarin	pl - none - none
poplu	sg - m - none
wiġġibija	pl - none - none
nokkla	sg - f - none
eqdes	none - none - comparative
suġġerimenti	pl - none - none
affettwata	sg - f - none
daqsiex	pl - none - none
żfejniet	pl - none - none
mqari	pl - none - none
tqattita	sg - f - none
fissidin	pl - none - none
ħelwa	sg - f - none
raġġ	sg - m - none
ħżużija	sg - f - none
qamqama	sg - f - none
bawwari	sg - m - none
berrieqa	sg - f - none
qlejbiet	pl - none - none
żeffinija	sg - f - none
matematika	sg - f - none
sagħat	pl - f - none
ħaxxun	sg - m - none
ħatab	coll - m - none
tfewwiqa	sg - f - none
naplitana	sg - f - none
teħra	sg - f - none
student	sg - m - none
baqar	pl - none - none
tħabbila	sg - f - none
żegħdiet	pl - none - none
barbari	pl - none - none
ħaxwixin	pl - none - none
aljenazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
krema	sg - f - none
neddejja	pl - none - none
slippers	pl - none - none
misfieqa	sg - f - none
ċfuf	pl - none - none
figolla	sg - f - none
trajju	sg - m - none
sagħgħala	sg - f - none
ħalliebi	sg - m - none
mandriet	pl - none - none
funzjoni	sg - f - none
tekila	sg - f - none
tlugħi	sg - m - none
żdingat	sg - m - none
mqaret	pl - none - none
tifsil	sg - m - none
tron	sg - m - none
mases	pl - none - none
tħassil	none - none - none
brazzuletta	sg - f - none
ċallamin	pl - none - none
mdieħen	pl - none - none
stedina	sg - f - none
tirrefere	none - none - none
tkejjit	sg - m - none
kejjieda	sg - f - none
liturġija	sg - f - none
ġeżżież	sg - m - none
narċis	coll - m - none
leffief	sg - m - none
ark	sg - m - none
mxaħħmin	pl - none - none
aromi	pl - none - none
ħdan	pl - none - none
xandir	sg - m - none
ħatja	pl - none - none
dmiemel	pl - none - none
ħallimija	sg - f - none
spirti	pl - none - none
mużew	sg - m - none
attribwita	sg - f - none
tilħiq	sg - m - none
rikreazzjonijiet	pl - none - none
fewġa	sg - f - none
baqbieqi	sg - m - none
ħbieli	pl - none - none
panċiera	sg - f - none
aħjen	none - none - comparative
darbani	pl - none - none
sod	sg - m - none
bċejjeċ	pl - none - none
timdida	sg - f - none
bimbi	sg - m - none
timwita	sg - f - none
likkiem 	sg - m - none
griż	sg - m - none
mormijin	pl - none - none
mirbuħ	sg - m - none
anakroniżmu	sg - m - none
ġenji	pl - none - none
berġa	sg - f - none
novizzi	pl - m - none
kuċinieri	pl - none - none
teknoloġiċi	pl - none - none
realtajiet	pl - f - none
taħwida	sg - f - none
tidrik	sg - m - none
dwieli	pl - none - none
sulluzzu	sg - m - none
kutra	sg - f - none
sehwa	sg - f - none
qandilin	pl - none - none
tismid	sg - m - none
lanċijiet	pl - none - none
ferfuxa	sg - f - none
ċapsa	sg - f - none
novembru	sg - m - none
attivi	pl - none - none
akkademji	pl - f - none
għaġina	sg - f - none
ksejra	sg - f - diminutive
nittifija	sg - f - none
maħnuq	sg - m - none
dellilin	pl - none - none
xwajten	sg - m - none
trenijiet	pl - none - none
tidjima	sg - f - none
ċert	sg - m - none
kiesħa	sg - f - none
morfoloġika	sg - f - none
dubbjuża	sg - f - none
żgug	pl - none - none
tebbiegħi	sg - m - none
fellieħa	sg - f - none
dwejra	sg - f - none
burġata	sg - f - none
ħajjata	sg - f - none
sħab	coll - m - none
tbegħlin	none - none - none
bebbuxa	sg - f - none
allegati	pl - none - none
farraġija	sg - f - none
rivedut	sg - m - none
eretiċi	pl - none - none
ċibernetiku	sg - m - none
gzejjez	sg - m - none
tbażwira	sg - f - none
sarrafa	pl - none - none
reali	none - none - none
ġenerazzjoni	sg - f - none
grawnds	pl - m - none
radji	pl - none - none
stagħġib	none - none - none
taħlifa	sg - f - none
sniesel	pl - none - none
statiku	sg - m - none
glandola	sg - f - none
intenzjonat	sg - m - none
kwiet	sg - m - none
mtieħen	pl - none - none
wiżżieni	sg - m - none
tren	sg - f - none
melliħiet	pl - none - none
il-maqluba	sg - f - none
rwejjaħ	pl - none - comparative
skuża	sg - f - none
liedna	sg - f - none
ġegħieli	sg - m - none
żunżana	sg - f - none
sensja	sg - f - none
irlandiża	sg - f - none
lħuħija	sg - f - none
mekmikin	pl - none - none
zejjiezi	sg - m - none
quddiesa	sg - f - none
dewwied	sg - m - none
avvelenament	sg - m - none
tfuli	sg - m - none
prostituti	pl - none - none
misilmin	pl - m - none
seksieka	pl - none - none
taqrid	sg - m - none
maħħuħ	sg - m - none
nattaħ	sg - m - none
tisniġ	sg - m - none
ferkuna	sg - f - none
filosofiċi	pl - none - none
tiċħida	sg - f - none
qabbada	pl - none - none
tensjoni	sg - f - none
nikta	sg - f - none
tarja	coll - f - none
salarji	pl - none - none
lablabi	sg - m - none
timrira	sg - f - none
omosesswali	pl - none - none
nerv	sg - m - none
saħħiet	pl - none - none
lejliet	pl - none - none
trofew	sg - m - none
taħbit	sg - m - none
isptar	sg - m - none
tikjid	sg - m - none
srajjem	pl - none - none
taqqabi	sg - m - none
ċafċifa	sg - f - none
sewwieda	pl - none - none
tektikiji	pl - none - none
slajleb	sg - m - none
qaddies	sg - m - none
fosos	pl - none - none
mqaxar	pl - none - none
kruhat	pl - none - none
tfarfir	sg - m - none
titrita	sg - f - none
xierfa	sg - f - none
pizu	sg - m - none
xellug	sg - m - none
skurjati	pl - none - none
tħarisa	sg - f - none
tehdim	sg - m - none
tfesdiqa	sg - f - none
kakkajja	sg - f - none
fanatiċi	pl - none - none
kaffarin	pl - none - none
bagi	pl - none - none
debbinija	sg - f - none
mċaftra	sg - f - none
wiċċieni	sg - m - none
ħawsliet	pl - none - none
tnewwim	sg - m - none
pistoli	pl - none - none
tekbiba	sg - f - none
widintejn	dl - none - none
tiksira	sg - f - none
taħwiħa	sg - f - none
lefliefa	sg - f - none
laqxa	sg - f - none
biżlejn	dl - none - none
tmaxtira	sg - f - none
tewq	sg - m - none
sussidju	sg - m - none
kategoriċi	pl - none - none
urejjek	sg - none - none
kollaborattivi	pl - none - none
oranġjo	none - none - none
zenzieni	sg - m - none
taqsim	sg - m - none
titlita	sg - f - none
siparju	sg - m - none
tlewwiħa	sg - f - none
xermudija	sg - f - none
plakka	sg - f - none
idea	sg - f - none
tajprajters	pl - none - none
titwit	sg - m - none
dieqa	coll - none - none
ekżemi	pl - none - none
serpentella	sg - f - none
faqqarin	pl - none - none
rdumijiet	pl - none - none
soċjalista	sg - f - none
filja	sg - f - none
sarra	sg - f - none
bassar	sg - m - none
apert	sg - m - none
tħassir	sg - m - none
iljunfant	sg - m - none
pariġini	pl - none - none
katidrali	pl - m - none
palpabbli	none - none - none
sospiża	sg - f - none
qaddimin	pl - none - none
preċipizzju	sg - m - none
bxieren	pl - none - none
btietaħ	pl - none - none
ġelu	sg - m - none
gerfuxa	sg - f - none
filosofu	sg - m - none
ekwatur	sg - m - none
bniedem	sg - m - none
lebbieta	sg - f - none
ħmerija	sg - f - none
qandlin	pl - none - none
ġabbarin	pl - none - none
tehżiż	sg - m - none
fruntieri	pl - f - none
tifdid	sg - m - none
żimlin	pl - none - none
ħaġrija	sg - f - none
stejxiner	sg - m - none
gwida	sg - f - none
tiċrita	sg - f - none
bixrun	sg - m - none
pożittiv	sg - m - none
għalf	sg - m - none
belgħat	pl - none - none
qawwasa	sg - f - none
tkabbiza	sg - f - none
ġemgħa	sg - f - none
tinġima	sg - f - none
soċjalist	sg - m - none
barrada	sg - f - none
konnessjonijiet	pl - f - none
xatba	sg - f - none
atleta	sg - f - none
tebbikin	pl - none - none
tiswijiet	pl - none - none
dekkieka	sg - f - none
baxxarin	pl - none - none
tajers	pl - none - none
gemgimiet	pl - none - none
brikkuna	sg - f - none
gwerra	sg - f - none
ċwajlin	pl - none - diminutive
raheb	sg - m - none
ħisra	sg - f - none
ħejjieba	sg - f - none
akkademja	sg - f - none
għajjat	pl - none - none
nissilija	pl - none - none
kaħliet	pl - none - none
itfla	pl - none - none
tiksib	sg - m - none
perpura	sg - f - none
abolita	sg - f - none
barbar	sg - m - none
tammas	sg - m - none
tqaxlif	coll - m - none
ferċieħi	sg - m - none
kroniku	sg - m - none
katavri	pl - none - none
rivoluzzjoni	sg - f - none
utejjaq	sg - m - none
modesta	sg - f - none
sajjiedi	sg - m - none
zenzinin	pl - none - none
superstizzjoni	sg - f - none
ġometrika	sg - f - none
newwilin	pl - none - none
segretarjati	pl - m - none
għoqra	sg - f - none
ħmiel	pl - none - none
belligħin	pl - none - none
temgħa	sg - f - none
xolfa	pl - none - none
baqbuqiet	pl - none - none
botti	pl - none - none
sakrana	pl - none - none
neħħej	sg - m - none
perjodiċi	pl - none - none
tonijiet	pl - none - none
qammata	sg - f - none
selqa	sg - f - none
tfantis	sg - m - none
bastun	sg - m - none
sens	sg - m - none
fergħ	sg - m - none
aċċessorji	pl - none - none
bergħuda	sg - f - none
infettata	sg - f - none
battama	sg - f - none
tfaħħir	sg - m - none
pxat	pl - none - none
razzjonijiet	pl - none - none
ananas	coll - m - none
bjada	sg - f - none
ħaxwiexa	sg - f - none
boksink	sg - m - none
ħlas	sg - m - none
konslu	sg - m - none
konvint	sg - m - none
l-Għid	sg - m - none
żajbrija	sg - f - none
tħaddir	sg - m - none
mannasi	sg - m - none
deheb	sg - m - none
konservat	sg - m - none
xitana	sg - f - none
ażżmi	pl - none - none
ħassilin	pl - none - none
rebħiet	pl - f - none
fexfux	sg - m - none
blieles	pl - none - none
belbiel	sg - m - none
taħsil	sg - m - none
insolvibilità	sg - f - none
tibċir	sg - m - none
infezzjonijiet	pl - f - none
snieter	pl - none - none
darrasin	pl - none - none
tbissima	sg - f - none
drabi	pl - none - none
suffarelli	pl - none - none
tajlandiż	sg - m - none
tornaviti	pl - none - none
tgħul	pl - none - none
puniċi	pl - none - none
ħaqqarin	pl - none - none
karbiet	pl - none - none
tetu	pl - none - none
tnajbar	sg - m - none
midirsa	sg - f - none
piknik	sg - m - none
taħliġ	sg - m - none
qatran	sg - m - none
penitenza	sg - f - none
tipjiza	sg - f - none
xahar	sg - m - none
farraka	sg - f - none
kejliet	pl - none - none
tuffieħiet	pl - f - none
sapunetta	sg - f - none
tiġjif	sg - m - none
kormin	pl - none - none
żagħfrani	sg - m - none
ażma	sg - f - none
kabbari	sg - m - none
mentalità	sg - f - none
analiżi	sg - f - none
trigonometriċi	pl - none - none
minaċċi	pl - none - none
qajjiel	sg - m - none
fawran	sg - m - none
ħatab	coll - none - none
terrazzi	pl - none - none
lablabin	pl - none - none
truppi	pl - none - none
brid	sg - m - none
bagolli	pl - none - none
rbit	sg - m - none
għonq	sg - m - none
qattiegħa	sg - f - none
ħallifin	pl - none - none
tħarħir	sg - m - none
msiebaħ	pl - none - none
maggijiet	pl - none - none
ġlekkijiet	pl - none - none
ġannat	sg - m - none
xalaturi	pl - none - none
xewliħija	sg - f - none
ġelġil	sg - m - none
varja	sg - f - none
bażbaż	sg - m - none
mandra	sg - f - none
oġġett	sg - m - none
tlitija	sg - f - none
tħattita	sg - f - none
qaxxar	sg - m - none
anglikani	pl - none - none
ingravata	sg - f - none
għażżiena	pl - none - none
ħakma	sg - f - none
ħjilijiet	pl - none - none
miskriet	pl - none - none
kirurġija	sg - f - none
mandoliniet	pl - none - none
telefonata	sg - f - none
nagħgħasi	sg - m - none
bexbixija	sg - f - none
sedaq	sg - m - none
flotta	sg - f - none
skrizzjoni	sg - f - none
grif	sg - m - none
kaħħala	pl - none - none
tisjisa	sg - f - none
dieher	sg - m - none
estiż	sg - m - none
akkużat	sg - m - none
taqsib	sg - m - none
tqarmiċa	sg - f - none
qalfat	sg - f - none
ljuni	pl - none - none
voti	pl - m - none
tilsin	sg - m - none
waqtiet	pl - none - none
msiħir	coll - m - none
thellil	sg - m - none
ċerva	sg - f - none
laħlieħa	pl - none - none
żabbarija	sg - f - none
progressiva	sg - f - none
ħolmiet	pl - none - none
moll	sg - m - none
peċpieċi	sg - m - none
inkorlata	sg - f - none
padrun	sg - m - none
arjiet	pl - f - none
ċaċċarun	sg - m - none
lewwinin	pl - none - none
nażali	none - none - none
ballatin	pl - none - none
nervożiżmi	pl - none - none
widnin	pl - none - none
vojta	pl - none - none
galliżi	pl - none - none
laqqatija	sg - f - none
nerv	sg - m - none
kitarra	sg - f - none
salvar	coll - m - none
werriek	sg - m - none
waħħaxija	sg - f - none
konfront	sg - m - none
tmartil	coll - m - none
manħar	sg - m - none
geddisin	pl - none - none
tigri	pl - none - none
karatterizzati	pl - none - none
barxiet	pl - none - none
żegħila	sg - f - none
nuqqasijiet	pl - none - none
samma	pl - none - none
fwar	sg - m - none
pilandra	sg - f - none
futbol	sg - m - none
ġostra	sg - f - none
awtomatiċi	pl - none - none
fqira	sg - f - none
nebbiexi	sg - m - none
għalliela	sg - f - none
heżża	sg - f - none
bugħarwien	sg - m - none
bewwieġ	sg - m - none
ammessa	sg - f - none
gafef	pl - none - none
ħratam	pl - none - none
sarramija	sg - f - none
tifrixa	sg - f - none
tim	sg - m - none
naqqaxin	pl - none - none
mħallfin	pl - none - none
għadir	sg - m - none
tħannik	sg - m - none
arijiet	pl - f - none
ħarrin	pl - none - none
mekkikin	pl - none - none
nagħgħasija	sg - f - none
tkagħbira	sg - f - none
saqqajja	pl - none - none
rtubija	sg - f - none
prezzjuża	sg - f - none
tiżbigħ	sg - m - none
pets	pl - none - none
saffajjin	pl - none - none
bermieċi	sg - m - none
musulman	sg - m - none
ġurnalist	sg - m - none
ġogging	sg - m - none
pajsaġġi	pl - none - none
rużinjoli	pl - none - none
fejt	sg - m - none
dewwieba	sg - f - none
tgħarwin	sg - m - none
penitenzi	pl - f - none
tħajjir	none - none - none
barranin	pl - none - none
domiċilji	pl - none - none
vitamina	sg - f - none
logħba	sg - f - none
ħalbija	sg - f - none
tperpira	sg - f - none
kardinal	sg - m - none
lebbetta	sg - f - none
lehiem	sg - m - none
mismut	sg - m - none
razez	pl - none - none
varjanti	pl - none - none
kanzunetta	sg - f - none
speċjali	none - none - none
bukkett	sg - m - none
swejd	sg - m - none
meċmiċija	sg - f - none
atomiċi	pl - none - none
żerżieqa	sg - f - none
tiżdima	sg - f - none
tixrik	sg - m - none
tradizzjonali	none - none - none
certi	pl - none - none
rużarji	pl - none - none
prinċipju	sg - m - none
interpretazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
difett	sg - m - none
afrikana	sg - f - none
uqajja'	pl - none - none
teħida	sg - f - none
tiġdid	sg - m - none
bajdu	sg - m - none
ħaddara	sg - f - none
garantita	sg - f - none
misħaq	sg - m - none
nażalità	sg - f - none
qurdiniet	pl - none - none
gerriex	sg - m - none
ħajnin	pl - none - none
lħuqi	sg - m - none
galilejana	sg - f - none
nisa	pl - none - none
mtajriet	pl - none - diminutive
ħawstejn	dl - none - none
ħolma	sg - f - none
sinjifikattivi	pl - none - none
konnessa	sg - f - none
niċċa	sg - f - none
zejjizija	pl - none - none
żattatin	pl - none - none
fojl	sg - m - none
ħaxħixin	pl - none - none
sileżjani	pl - none - none
ħabrik	sg - m - none
balbilija	sg - f - none
taqriħ	sg - m - none
tikfifa	sg - f - none
bgħulija	sg - f - none
tilġim	sg - m - none
interazzjoni	sg - f - none
tidrika	sg - f - none
mingħula	sg - f - none
pexpixin	pl - none - none
tirtib	none - none - none
ħellies	sg - m - none
qagħadi	none - m - none
imbroljun	sg - m - none
gozz	sg - m - none
fakultajiet	pl - f - none
magħmula	sg - f - none
tisfifa	sg - f - none
ħemmidin	pl - none - none
ġbid	sg - m - none
warrabiet	pl - none - none
maħruba	sg - f - none
kuntenti	pl - none - none
kmieda	sg - f - none
tiżbida	sg - f - none
battana	sg - none - none
fexfixija	sg - f - none
basli	sg - m - none
arċipelagi	pl - m - none
permanenti	sg - m - none
faġġara	sg - f - none
didattiku	sg - m - none
sefqa	sg - f - none
litru	sg - m - none
sefsifija	sg - f - none
twaħħila	sg - f - none
kewkbiet	pl - none - none
nkejjużi	pl - none - none
tliġġima	sg - f - none
żwieġ	pl - none - none
komdi	pl - none - none
kanturi	pl - none - none
żerrikija	sg - f - none
ċekkijiet	pl - none - none
tribujiet	pl - none - none
spiżjara	pl - none - none
ħarrieġi	sg - m - none
waħħadija	sg - f - none
mejjilla	sg - f - none
sura	sg - f - none
platoniċi	pl - none - none
pustaġġi	pl - none - none
mhiereż	pl - none - none
tirjiq	sg - m - none
taqsita	sg - f - none
dallami	sg - m - none
stranġiera	sg - f - none
irrefere	none - none - none
kazz	sg - m - none
povra	sg - f - none
stagħdir	sg - m - none
qabla	sg - f - none
ħtuf	sg - m - none
żemmieli	sg - m - none
moħrar	sg - m - none
sellieħ	sg - m - none
tikmix	sg - m - none
irreferejniex	none - none - none
taħrik	coll - m - none
toqqaliet	pl - none - none
difna	sg - f - none
lehba	sg - f - none
tunellata	sg - f - none
żliqija	pl - none - none
dogmatika	sg - f - none
bjadiet	pl - none - none
żinda	pl - none - none
qdejdsa	sg - f - none
limitata	sg - f - none
kuntratturi	pl - m - none
sebbiħija	pl - none - none
tuqifa	sg - f - none
tajn	sg - m - none
ġenitali	pl - m - none
żviluppat	sg - m - none
ħanfusa	sg - f - none
faħħam	sg - m - none
tizpin	sg - m - none
ħara	sg - f - none
zerzira	sg - f - none
kruhat	pl - none - none
żbib	sg - m - none
mħadda	sg - f - none
ħettifin	pl - none - none
mserek	pl - none - none
tberrida	pl - none - none
aċċessati	pl - none - none
dejn	sg - m - none
fattarin	pl - none - none
tiġmigħa	sg - f - none
biżlin	pl - none - none
kissiera	sg - f - none
mejjilin	pl - none - none
slaleb	pl - none - none
gabinetta	sg - f - none
mnietaq	pl - none - none
arkeoloġiċi	pl - none - none
żelluma	sg - f - none
tħarrifa	sg - f - none
ħamħima	sg - f - none
twila	sg - f - none
laqlieq	sg - m - none
tmugħi	sg - m - none
skoċċiż	sg - m - none
brejkdawns	pl - none - none
franċiża	sg - f - none
naqja	sg - f - none
Lhudija	sg - f - none
berquqiet	pl - none - none
senduq	sg - m - none
Ingliżi	pl - none - none
apatija	sg - f - none
eħrex	none - none - comparative
ekonomija	sg - f - none
farraġa	sg - f - none
tisjil	sg - m - none
fiddi	sg - m - none
bgħad	pl - none - none
qaxqaxija	pl - none - none
lingwaġġ	sg - m - none
iljunfanti	pl - m - none
saħħara	pl - none - none
taksis	pl - none - none
isforzi	pl - m - none
qollija	sg - f - none
qarriema	pl - none - none
nazzjonaliżmu	sg - m - none
sultaniji	pl - none - none
ġojjiera	sg - f - none
żrar	sg - m - none
għarbiela	pl - none - none
qasbin	pl - none - none
mirżuħ	sg - m - none
sejqra	pl - none - none
qniepen	pl - none - none
fellejjin	pl - none - none
fini	sg - m - none
maqdarin	pl - none - none
qbura	pl - none - none
dandina	sg - f - none
kuntrabandu	sg - m - none
tazzi	pl - none - none
ġerriħin	pl - none - none
fisqija	sg - f - none
kartomanzija	sg - f - none
miksbiet	pl - none - none
tħabbila	sg - f - none
feriti	pl - none - none
daħħalin	pl - none - none
tawliet	pl - none - none
kwadrant	sg - f - none
ħiemed	sg - m - none
wissej	sg - m - none
dqani	pl - none - none
korrispondenzi	pl - f - none
funeral	sg - m - none
ċurkett	sg - m - none
Griegi	pl - none - none
taqsita	sg - f - none
rikatt	sg - m - none
katlettużi	pl - none - none
tlenbita	sg - f - none
xeħtiet	pl - none - none
speċifikati	pl - none - none
nassara	sg - f - none
simboliċi	pl - none - none
lanġasi	sg - m - none
dawwar	sg - m - none
salba	sg - f - none
gilep	pl - none - none
segretezza	sg - f - none
tutiq	sg - m - none
ħannieqa	sg - f - none
fragranti	sg - m - none
tiġrigħ	sg - m - none
luħ	sg - m - none
ħamba	sg - f - none
garaxxijiet	pl - m - none
fehimin	pl - none - none
żegħilija	pl - none - none
fehiem	sg - m - none
bomba	sg - f - none
qalbenin	pl - none - none
ħaxxunin	pl - none - none
qasira	sg - f - none
heżżieżi	sg - m - none
areni	pl - f - none
miżilqa	sg - m - none
ruxxmati	pl - none - none
sawwamin	pl - none - none
briksa	sg - f - none
annimal	sg - m - none
miljiet	pl - none - none
ntif	sg - m - none
msagħtra	sg - f - none
minerali	pl - m - none
dagħmija	sg - f - none
ħara	coll - m - none
tinġira	sg - f - none
mqanżħa	sg - f - none
ħtrieq	sg - m - none
paċpaċija	sg - f - none
xawer	sg - m - none
ottoman	sg - m - none
sirġiet	pl - none - none
teptipin	pl - none - none
nemmilin	pl - none - none
industriji	pl - f - none
provinċja	sg - f - none
mzekzka	sg - f - none
qdejdsa	pl - none - none
bebbuxiet	pl - f - none
reċipjent	sg - m - none
laħliħija	pl - none - none
kbir	sg - m - none
teraħ	pl - none - none
newwieba	pl - none - none
debbiħiet	pl - none - none
ċekkun	sg - m - none
għadma	sg - f - none
tqarriq	sg - m - none
tqanqiliet	pl - none - none
aperti	pl - none - none
qabżiet	pl - none - none
felliesa	sg - f - none
slejtiet	pl - none - none
tisdiq	sg - m - none
titwik	sg - m - none
imposti	pl - none - none
qalbiet	pl - none - none
bejjinin	pl - none - none
ġili	sg - m - none
delizzji	pl - none - none
kunfidenza	sg - f - none
reżħa	sg - f - none
sejqra	sg - f - none
kappara	sg - f - none
fewwiqin	pl - none - none
zalza	sg - f - none
gerrimija	sg - f - none
suġġett	sg - m - none
żabrin	pl - none - none
sferi	pl - none - none
żrigħ	sg - m - none
żattat	sg - m - none
artika	sg - f - none
mirqum	sg - m - none
intelliġenti	pl - none - none
ħemħumi	sg - m - none
tbaċċiċ	sg - m - none
nemluni	pl - none - none
berfila	sg - f - none
newwilin	pl - none - none
maħsel	sg - m - none
pubbliku	sg - m - none
barranin	pl - none - none
teffejja	pl - none - none
interpretu	sg - f - none
riċetta	sg - f - none
tiċkin	sg - m - none
prattika	sg - f - none
magħadin	pl - none - none
żewwiqin	pl - none - none
fattam	sg - m - none
solvent	none - none - none
nominata	sg - f - none
ħarrieġ	sg - m - none
ħarraba	sg - f - none
taħġiġ	sg - m - none
saħħani	sg - m - none
xaqlibana	pl - none - none
kburija	sg - f - none
mezz'asta	pl - none - none
leflifija	pl - none - none
herrieża	sg - f - none
sawwabija	sg - f - none
tiċrit	sg - m - none
msejken	sg - m - none
lelluxa	sg - f - none
ultimatum	sg - m - none
faqqarin	pl - none - none
viżti	pl - none - none
ħarbuta	sg - f - none
legligin	pl - none - none
mitfgħa	sg - none - none
radd	sg - m - none
taħfir	none - none - none
kavallett	sg - m - none
għerja	pl - none - none
qordiena	sg - f - none
waħħarija	sg - f - none
tort	sg - m - none
ħbula	pl - none - none
qisija	pl - none - none
ċejjieqa	sg - f - none
ġlidiet	pl - none - none
akbar	none - none - comparative
tpatpita	sg - f - none
titjiġa	sg - f - none
tlaqqim	sg - m - none
ċerċur	sg - m - none
pizzerija	sg - f - none
ħornijiet	pl - none - none
ġehiżin	pl - none - none
mniegħes	sg - m - none
jirreferewx	none - none - none
ħuġġieġa	sg - f - none
ristoranti	pl - m - none
mejtin	pl - none - none
miżbliet	pl - none - none
bażżara	sg - f - none
komunist	sg - m - none
qerqa	sg - f - none
bsurija	sg - f - none
pretest	sg - m - none
bħata	sg - f - none
satra	sg - f - none
tlewwima	sg - f - none
niggiżija	sg - f - none
sturdamenti	pl - none - none
barr	sg - m - none
qarrejja	sg - f - none
qawwartajn	dl - none - none
analġesika	sg - f - none
waħħalija	sg - f - none
tiġrib	sg - m - none
resident	sg - m - none
tħaqqiq	sg - m - none
fergħat	pl - none - none
għammix	sg - m - none
lqata	sg - f - none
tewwieq	sg - m - none
soċjalist	sg - m - none
antikità	sg - f - none
saltnin	pl - none - none
bażbuż	sg - m - none
ħbiberiji	pl - none - none
ħaxxuba	sg - f - none
referi	sg - f - none
naspli	coll - none - none
riqi	sg - m - none
oxxeni	pl - none - none
musraġ	sg - m - none
msieqi	pl - none - none
tkomplija	sg - f - none
nuffara	sg - f - none
kagħwixija	sg - f - none
sajbord	sg - m - none
spettatura	sg - f - none
tabakk	pl - none - none
mrikkbin	pl - none - none
żliq	sg - m - none
strat	sg - m - none
nordika	sg - f - none
tallabin	pl - none - none
ġometriċi	pl - none - none
batra	sg - f - none
skrivana	sg - f - none
estetika	sg - f - none
sapjosesswali	sg - f - none
wenniesa	pl - none - none
tgħabix	sg - m - none
awtokratiku	sg - m - none
kurkara	sg - f - none
furrajna	coll - f - none
qassabija	pl - none - none
umoristiku	sg - m - none
ħamja	sg - f - none
ritmika	sg - f - none
barrani	sg - m - none
ċifja	sg - f - none
qilla	sg - f - none
prostituta	sg - f - none
tbejjita	sg - f - none
matnazz	sg - m - none
konfront	sg - m - none
koka	sg - f - none
żebra	sg - f - none
merdqux	coll - none - none
reġina	sg - f - none
ħalliqija	sg - f - none
tinwix	none - none - none
paċenzja	sg - f - none
qrib	sg - m - none
solventi	pl - none - none
cittadin	sg - m - none
messieħa	sg - f - none
mfawwar	pl - none - none
uċuħ	pl - none - none
sebbieqa	sg - f - none
qalligħija	pl - none - none
kastell	sg - m - none
kriminali	none - none - none
meħdulin	pl - none - none
kompetitura	sg - f - none
tellitija	pl - none - none
suwiċidju	sg - m - none
xpruna	sg - f - none
werwirija	pl - none - none
stessi	pl - none - none
fniek	pl - none - none
ħlusin	pl - none - none
sannien	sg - m - none
żġiġiet	pl - none - none
immirata	sg - f - none
baqq	coll - m - none
kampanjoli	pl - none - none
monasteri	pl - none - none
semmija	sg - f - none
ġriħ	sg - m - none
superordnijiet	pl - f - none
reżistenza	sg - f - none
unitajiet	pl - none - none
ġemmi	pl - none - none
ċarissimi	pl - none - none
klil	sg - m - none
tnis	sg - m - none
skjetti	pl - none - none
deffiesi	sg - m - none
ipprattikata	sg - f - none
ranġaturi	pl - none - none
tewmija	sg - f - none
twiebet	pl - none - none
żjina	sg - f - none
żegħieda	pl - none - none
milquta	sg - f - none
tifqim	sg - m - none
fissied	sg - m - none
fondazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
nejka	sg - f - none
mermir	coll - m - none
ħaħa	sg - m - none
zopp	sg - m - none
ħemsi	sg - m - none
qadim	sg - m - none
titwika	sg - f - none
qwajjes	pl - none - none
panċieri	pl - none - none
iskor	sg - m - none
guddimu	sg - m - none
semmiena	pl - none - none
ħażżiemi	sg - m - none
kuntrasti	pl - m - none
warraba	sg - f - none
tħaddina	sg - f - none
immaġni	sg - m - none
passajr	sg - m - none
tifrika	sg - f - none
dewwejjin	pl - none - none
lehma	sg - f - none
djalogu	sg - m - none
referenza	sg - f - none
kurdiċella	sg - f - none
nkejji	pl - none - none
kapitalizzat	sg - m - none
stediniet	pl - none - none
dgħif	sg - m - none
komplikata	sg - f - none
zuppjaturi	pl - none - none
dijapożittiv	sg - m - none
semminija	sg - f - none
mqorbija	none - f - none
ħtar	pl - none - none
kirurġiċi	pl - none - none
widdibin	pl - none - none
sufra	sg - f - none
tbaqqiq	sg - m - none
sewwiedi	sg - m - none
venezjani	pl - none - none
kessieħ	sg - m - none
webbilija	sg - f - none
mistiedna	sg - f - none
fartasa	sg - f - none
utieqa	sg - f - none
qosra	pl - none - none
ġlieġel	pl - none - none
btajna	sg - f - diminutive
qliebi	pl - none - none
kuċċaruni	pl - none - none
majjistra	sg - f - none
poet	sg - m - none
mitfija	sg - f - none
fqar	pl - none - none
qronfol	sg - m - none
fqieqes	pl - none - none
supremi	pl - none - none
sentenza	sg - f - none
mżarab	pl - none - none
niggiżiet	pl - none - none
trabijiet	pl - none - none
belqin	pl - none - none
espressjoni	sg - f - none
slavaġ	pl - m - none
eklissi	sg - m - none
mgerrex	sg - m - none
taħbijiet	pl - none - none
mitwiet	pl - none - none
amministrata	sg - f - none
migriżin	pl - none - none
berriħin	pl - none - none
masħar	sg - m - none
fossa	sg - f - none
qażwit	sg - m - none
fondat	sg - m - none
ipoteki	pl - none - none
twajla	sg - f - none
tħabbiż	sg - m - none
prestiġjuż	sg - m - none
dbielet	pl - none - none
qattarin	pl - none - none
W.C.s	pl - none - none
vjaġġi	pl - m - none
qmuħ	pl - none - none
kabina	sg - f - none
soqra	pl - none - none
tosti	pl - none - none
fellisija	sg - f - none
terrieqi	sg - m - none
avvenimenti	pl - m - none
friex	sg - m - none
bakkarija	sg - f - none
tmawwira	pl - none - none
żliqin	pl - none - none
godlija	sg - f - none
dliel	pl - none - none
żegżigin	pl - none - none
taħbiliet	pl - none - none
manikjurs	pl - none - none
insolventi	none - none - none
laned	pl - none - none
msenna	sg - f - none
prammatika	sg - f - none
ċikatriċi	sg - f - none
kebbiex	pl - none - none
qanduliet	pl - none - none
infidili	pl - none - none
għelib	sg - m - none
karrieri	pl - f - none
nagħgħasija	sg - f - none
faħam	coll - m - none
żeffitija	pl - none - none
traduzzjoni	sg - f - none
morali	none - none - none
Qormi	sg - m - none
sabta	sg - f - none
misluta	sg - f - none
bellilija	sg - f - none
wiżżinin	pl - none - none
fnieqel	pl - none - none
msejkna	pl - none - none
velenużi	pl - none - none
membri	pl - m - none
ħelu	sg - m - none
tgerwil	sg - m - none
waħħar	sg - m - none
dlamijiet	pl - none - none
saħħaħ	sg - m - none
ttrattata	sg - f - none
aħħar	sg - m - none
qawwara	pl - none - none
strangulazzjoni	sg - m - none
ħallata	sg - f - none
ġemmiegħi	sg - m - none
mxammar	sg - m - none
għomma	sg - f - none
tidrir	sg - m - none
mazz	sg - m - none
sintetika	sg - f - none
bellusiet	pl - none - none
girlandi	pl - none - none
omosesswalitajiet	pl - f - none
entużjażmu	sg - m - none
univers	sg - m - none
tizkika	sg - f - none
tammarija	pl - none - none
tarż	sg - m - none
pawsa	sg - f - none
ġaħġieħa	sg - f - none
qawwijin	pl - none - none
tabtil	sg - m - none
taħrifa	sg - f - none
tgiddiba	sg - f - none
waqt	sg - m - none
posittiva	sg - f - none
baldakkin	sg - m - none
ċrieċer	pl - none - none
sorra	sg - f - none
safra	sg - f - none
trekkin	none - none - none
sudditi	pl - none - none
żibla	sg - f - none
segretarji	pl - m - none
ferkiexi	sg - m - none
giddimin	pl - none - none
tpatpit	coll - m - none
melsa	sg - f - none
qirdiet	pl - none - none
bank	sg - m - none
foroġ	pl - none - none
patati	pl - none - none
sewwidin	pl - none - none
għejbien	pl - none - none
kibjin	pl - none - none
awtomatiku	sg - m - none
dittatur	sg - m - none
tlenbib	coll - m - none
timsiħa	sg - f - none
tnikkira	sg - f - none
stariet	pl - none - none
ċumnija	sg - f - none
tibdila	sg - f - none
ħaxixiet	pl - none - none
żammari	sg - m - none
żieni	sg - m - none
kinin	pl - none - none
dewba	sg - f - none
qarstejn	dl - none - none
sejjieħi	sg - m - none
infjammazzjonijiet	pl - none - none
xaħam	coll - m - none
sarrami	sg - m - none
żejtuni	sg - m - none
qalja	sg - f - none
pluraliżmi	pl - m - none
mellieħa	sg - f - none
faddalija	sg - f - none
salvament	sg - m - none
swejjef	pl - none - none
ħannuxa	sg - f - none
żienja	sg - f - none
taħxima	sg - f - none
ċarrat	sg - m - none
maħmiħin	pl - none - none
sugi	pl - none - none
taħkima	sg - f - none
raħli	sg - m - none
ċinika	sg - f - none
prefissi	pl - none - none
kredu	sg - m - none
tagħmir	sg - m - none
kreattivi	pl - none - none
tislika	sg - f - none
sarraġi	sg - m - none
mkebeb	pl - none - none
ġludija	sg - f - none
polz	sg - m - none
nagħgħala	pl - none - none
qaddiema	pl - none - none
mard	sg - m - none
tajjarin	pl - none - none
frar	sg - m - none
qajjiemi	sg - m - none
sġajriet	pl - none - none
trapani	pl - none - none
matliet	pl - none - none
taħtira	sg - f - none
mattali	sg - m - none
sakranazzi	pl - none - none
darba	sg - f - none
relevanti	none - none - none
ċejq	sg - m - none
asjatiku	sg - m - none
kurkett	sg - m - none
faħmiet	pl - none - none
uħil	sg - m - none
ħżużin	pl - none - none
dixxipli	pl - f - none
speranzi	pl - none - none
ħxejxiet	pl - none - diminutive
ġemmiel	sg - m - none
ħġejjeġ	pl - none - none
nkejjuża	pl - none - none
mexmiexa	pl - none - none
nemmilin	pl - none - none
taħnika	sg - f - none
Skoċċiżi	pl - none - none
tqaċċita	sg - f - none
taħniq	sg - m - none
xiber	sg - m - none
imejls	pl - none - none
irreferejt	none - none - none
ġannatin	pl - none - none
botnija	sg - f - none
ġiri	sg - m - none
tfekkik	sg - m - none
seksiek	sg - m - none
bbilanċajti	pl - none - none
perni	pl - none - none
miżilqiet	pl - none - none
sagrifiċċju	sg - m - none
nikkieta	pl - none - none
misfieq	sg - m - none
żġieġi	sg - m - none
merkant	sg - m - none
fattarin	pl - none - none
kalunnja	sg - f - none
żammiet	pl - none - none
feles	sg - m - none
regħbi	pl - none - none
sikkitin	pl - none - none
laħmija	sg - f - none
ċiprijott	sg - m - none
naqniqija	sg - f - none
żliem	sg - m - none
ġidra	sg - f - none
ħasla	sg - f - none
fsiewi	pl - none - none
mejjilli	pl - none - none
salbiet	pl - none - none
gażi	sg - m - none
manjetiku	sg - m - none
nekkej	sg - m - none
temmimija	sg - f - none
franċiżi	pl - none - none
sinjori	pl - none - none
geżwirija	sg - f - none
wensija	sg - f - none
nissiela	sg - f - none
qmul	pl - none - none
sawwatin	pl - none - none
naffada	none - f - none
ekkleżjastiċi	pl - none - none
smajjar	sg - m - none
skulturi	pl - f - none
żejjinin	pl - none - none
muswied	sg - m - none
imħabbari	pl - none - none
tibligħa	sg - f - none
silta	sg - f - none
tberbix	sg - m - none
kornuta	sg - f - none
uffiċjal	sg - m - none
storbju	sg - m - none
reliġjuż	sg - m - none
rġejjen	pl - none - none
qoffa	sg - f - none
tiftit	sg - m - none
terqa	sg - f - none
mitiċi	pl - none - none
kampjonati	pl - m - none
nwieqi	pl - none - none
tiġmil	sg - m - none
fottitura	sg - f - none
tħajni	none - m - none
infermiera	sg - f - none
taqliq	sg - m - none
sawma	sg - f - none
aroma	sg - m - none
qbejliet	pl - none - none
ħdajrin	pl - none - none
usigħ	sg - m - none
qadmajn	dl - m - none
ħtejbin	pl - none - diminutive
rxiq	sg - m - none
ħarrara	sg - f - none
tewwieta	sg - f - none
ġugarelli	pl - none - none
ħrejfa	sg - f - none
tidbiħa	sg - f - none
sinċier	sg - m - none
gdiedem	pl - none - none
tgerwix	sg - m - none
nkib	none - none - none
nazzjon	sg - f - none
qasba	sg - f - none
xewliħin	pl - none - none
tħarriq	sg - m - none
lazz	sg - m - none
spetturi	pl - none - none
azzarini	pl - none - none
reħja	sg - f - none
tilgħib	sg - m - none
qalligħija	sg - f - none
ħexbiet	pl - none - none
bbażat	sg - m - none
ħawwiefi	sg - m - none
tebbien	sg - m - none
edukata	sg - f - none
grotta	sg - f - none
żellieġ	sg - m - none
tehriża	sg - f - none
dazji	pl - none - none
miżna	sg - f - none
fornimenti	pl - none - none
servi	pl - none - none
konservata	sg - f - none
nxufijiet	pl - none - none
selmiet	pl - none - none
xaħxiħ	sg - m - none
finiti	pl - none - none
qaddiesi	sg - m - none
tisjifa	sg - f - none
bekkejja	sg - f - none
bassari	sg - m - none
żejjidija	pl - none - none
tisrida	sg - f - none
iżidna	pl - none - none
operazzjoni	sg - f - none
toqbi	sg - m - none
ħaqqiqin	pl - none - none
amministrat	sg - m - none
telleriti	pl - none - none
lenbuba	sg - f - none
klandestina	sg - f - none
ħabbiesa	sg - f - none
werrieċ	sg - m - none
djalettali	sg - none - none
tjur	sg - m - none
wassigħin	pl - none - none
ċaqċiqa	sg - f - none
impatt	sg - m - none
soċjetà	sg - f - none
sikkitiet	pl - none - none
karti	pl - none - none
tħabbira	sg - f - none
passaturi	pl - none - none
ħatt	sg - m - none
nittien	sg - m - none
ballu	sg - m - none
seffief	sg - m - none
riġel	sg - m - none
statika	sg - f - none
tisliba	sg - f - none
matra	sg - f - none
tgerwila	sg - f - none
xitan	sg - m - none
rtal	pl - none - none
nissiġija	pl - none - none
possibbli	pl - none - none
kaos	sg - m - none
soċjetajiet	pl - f - none
konsekuttiva	sg - f - none
ġelati	pl - none - none
bajtrija	sg - f - none
aggressivi	pl - none - none
personaliżmu	sg - m - none
żergħi	sg - m - none
kriepet	pl - none - none
amar	sg - m - none
norveġiża	sg - f - none
tarraxin	pl - none - none
burokratika	sg - f - none
kwartieri	pl - m - none
tbennina	sg - none - none
defsa	pl - none - none
ġirjiet	pl - none - none
ħabrieka	pl - none - none
nqaqar	pl - none - none
kalif	sg - m - none
irreferiex	none - none - none
komunitajiet	pl - f - none
pejjiepa	sg - f - none
wiżgħa	sg - f - none
żbigħ	sg - m - none
fardgħalla	sg - f - none
influwenza	sg - f - none
qasqasin	pl - none - none
ġenju	sg - m - none
merħba	sg - f - none
wrieżaq	pl - none - none
żellieġi	sg - m - none
sallura	sg - f - none
mammiferi	pl - m - none
tinwin	sg - m - none
serfers	pl - none - none
qawwiel	sg - m - none
tballit	sg - m - none
żengilin	pl - none - none
tħallit	sg - m - none
proprjetajiet	pl - f - none
għaxwa	sg - f - none
vjola	none - none - none
watja	sg - f - none
ħaffifin	pl - none - none
xaqlibin	pl - none - none
tilgħiba	sg - f - none
tebbiena	pl - none - none
tħaris	sg - m - none
eqdem	none - none - comparative
kartolina	sg - f - none
tjassira	sg - f - none
lsir	sg - m - none
tipi	pl - f - none
mqares	pl - none - none
ħażżiema	sg - f - none
universitajiet	pl - f - none
kalata	sg - f - none
kopertura	sg - f - none
faqar	sg - m - none
stimulanti	sg - f - none
finali	sg - none - none
daniża	sg - f - none
tibrid	sg - m - none
saħħaħija	sg - f - none
abbużi	pl - m - none
bagħra	sg - f - none
gowl	sg - m - none
litem	sg - m - none
pespisin	pl - none - none
pożambrelel	pl - none - none
reġimenti	pl - none - none
laħliħija	sg - f - none
tiġbid	sg - m - none
mqanżħa	pl - none - none
fejjieqi	sg - m - none
miġwieħ	sg - m - none
mċafċaf	sg - m - none
katletti	pl - none - none
qarrigħija	pl - none - none
qamri	sg - m - none
ħlejqa	sg - f - diminutive
tamrija	sg - f - none
għalliem	sg - m - none
ħobis	pl - none - none
ngħajġiet	pl - none - none
żerriegħa	sg - f - none
qrusa	none - f - none
fehimin	pl - none - none
misbiet	pl - none - none
blalagħ	pl - none - none
ġewwieħ	sg - m - none
irkantijiet	pl - none - none
offensiv	sg - m - none
tornar	coll - m - none
parlanta	sg - f - none
barmil	sg - m - none
tebut	sg - m - none
għarqan	sg - m - none
Ingliż	sg - m - none
dekkikin	pl - none - none
ġarradija	sg - f - none
tkaxxix	sg - m - none
tbaqqit	sg - m - none
nemxija	sg - f - none
tinfixa	sg - f - none
ċinturini	pl - none - none
mġandra	sg - f - none
analitika	sg - f - none
wassigħija	pl - none - none
tafli	sg - m - none
dabiljusì	sg - m - none
titjira	sg - f - none
ħajra	sg - f - none
memorja	sg - f - none
ikreh	none - none - comparative
standardi	pl - none - none
ħabbiel	sg - m - none
griż	sg - m - none
mrawwma	pl - none - none
qdusija	sg - f - none
diviżjonijiet	pl - f - none
debutt	sg - m - none
marrar	sg - m - none
tħajjin	sg - m - none
diretta	sg - f - none
qżużin	pl - none - none
dabriet	pl - none - none
brejk	sg - m - none
distinti	pl - none - none
serriħin	pl - none - none
bermieċa	sg - f - none
ħmiġijiet	pl - none - none
diwja	sg - f - none
torturi	pl - f - none
kalamenti	pl - none - none
mekkiħin	pl - none - none
ħanut	sg - m - none
nordiċi	pl - none - none
tfetfita	sg - f - none
sogħbiet	pl - none - none
seffud	sg - m - none
naqliet	pl - none - none
tħabbiba	sg - f - none
ċuċeska	sg - f - none
erezzjonijiet	pl - none - none
ħaqra	sg - f - none
tmazziz	sg - m - none
nigħi	none - none - none
sejjiefi	sg - m - none
attakk	sg - m - none
teftifin	pl - none - none
laqqaxi	sg - m - none
ġarrabija	sg - f - none
tbiċċiċa	sg - f - none
staġun	sg - m - none
taxxa	sg - f - none
pejxa	sg - f - none
misteru	sg - m - none
diefja	sg - f - none
xeħħa	sg - f - none
żebbiġin	pl - none - none
ħamranin	pl - none - none
tħalħila	sg - f - none
gerrixija	sg - f - none
zalzettiet	pl - none - none
diżappuntat	sg - m - none
bewwiliet	pl - none - none
fornituri	pl - none - none
żgħażagħ	pl - m - none
difiża	sg - f - none
tberrix	sg - m - none
tfekkik	sg - m - none
snanar	pl - none - none
każajra	sg - f - none
parir	sg - m - none
bawxati	pl - none - none
subordinati	pl - none - none
mesliħin	pl - none - none
tiżjida	sg - f - none
ċaċċaruni	pl - none - none
ġahar	sg - m - none
ħidmiet	pl - none - none
operaturi	pl - m - none
Franċiżi	pl - none - none
qalliegħa	pl - none - none
spjegat	sg - m - none
bexxiexa	sg - f - none
busuf	sg - m - none
xenata	sg - f - none
fallibbli	pl - none - none
tbaħħiħ	sg - m - none
tkissib	sg - m - none
taqmila	sg - f - none
rgin	sg - m - none
bijoloġika	sg - f - none
bewsiet	pl - none - none
ħwar	coll - m - none
ħsarat	pl - none - none
ħolistiċi	pl - none - none
faċli	none - none - none
ramel	sg - m - none
praspura	sg - f - none
ġeneruż	sg - m - none
folti	pl - none - none
gabbani	pl - none - none
bews	sg - m - none
takbir	sg - m - none
marrarin	pl - none - none
estensiva	sg - f - none
għawwej	sg - m - none
tregħim	sg - m - none
towst	sg - m - none
ħeġġa	sg - f - none
ranġis	coll - none - none
ambaxxaturi	pl - m - none
qmatijiet	pl - none - none
karrakki	pl - none - none
terrieq	sg - m - none
fettitin	pl - none - none
temprini	pl - none - none
stokkijiet	pl - none - none
tilwim	sg - m - none
serv	sg - m - none
qroqqiet	pl - none - none
tapizzerija	sg - f - none
tnaqniqa	sg - f - none
proklamata	sg - f - none
klubi	sg - m - none
rġiel	pl - none - none
xgħif	sg - m - none
żawwali	sg - m - none
meqjus	sg - m - none
tibwila	sg - f - none
fettiħin	pl - none - none
fernetika	sg - f - none
bewwilija	sg - f - none
saflieni	sg - m - none
terriħin	pl - none - none
spezzjoni	sg - f - none
madum	sg - m - none
ħaxxiem	sg - m - none
fendituri	pl - none - none
tonsilli	pl - none - none
ikħma	pl - none - none
ċallam	sg - m - none
qaħħabija	pl - none - none
soċjoloġiċi	pl - none - none
bexbixin	pl - none - none
komunista	sg - f - none
rwasa	pl - none - none
bżabaż	pl - none - none
tballis	sg - m - none
shejjem	sg - m - none
waħħaxi	sg - m - none
gwerrier	sg - m - none
fexfix	sg - m - none
grafiku	sg - m - none
attwali	none - none - none
faqqas	sg - m - none
ħnejjex	sg - m - diminutive
sejħa	sg - f - none
ħbejża	sg - f - diminutive
taqwisa	sg - f - none
kbar	pl - none - none
standard	sg - m - none
wessiqija	sg - f - none
apprezzati	pl - none - none
arkitettoniku	sg - m - none
effetwata	sg - f - none
istituzzjonijiet	pl - f - none
waqqiegħi	sg - m - none
ltima	sg - f - none
imminenti	sg - f - none
beraħ	sg - m - none
finta	sg - f - none
ivorju	sg - m - none
fruntiera	sg - f - none
grammatika	sg - f - none
mitraħ	sg - m - none
tibriġa	sg - f - none
sunnara	sg - f - none
tiżgig	sg - m - none
rikorrenti	none - none - none
nuqqasijiet	pl - m - none
lellixija	sg - f - none
herrejjin	pl - none - none
mosħaħa	sg - f - none
daħħanija	sg - f - none
mħanaq	pl - none - none
xorok	pl - none - none
stanjata	sg - f - none
maqmieqa	sg - f - none
għomma	pl - none - none
tmimija	sg - f - none
mkinijiet	pl - none - none
sgħajtar	none - none - none
tibrina	sg - f - none
taħdira	sg - f - none
dabbarin	pl - none - none
sitwazzjoni	sg - f - none
dawra	sg - f - none
megħier	sg - m - none
fiddija	sg - f - none
ferfir	sg - m - none
purganti	pl - none - none
zenziena	pl - none - none
preparat	sg - m - none
ċamċiq	coll - m - none
maġbra	sg - f - diminutive
żemmiela	sg - f - none
kavallier	sg - m - none
tmasħin	coll - m - none
żebbilin	pl - none - none
seksiefa	pl - none - none
qrejqċa	sg - f - none
żniebel	pl - none - none
elettriċi	pl - none - none
tagħtil	sg - m - none
setgħi	sg - m - none
vitella	sg - f - none
sabbita	sg - f - none
mneħirkom	sg - m - none
fettieli	sg - m - none
maħħatija	sg - f - none
ġagħiel 	sg - m - none
faqqarija	sg - f - none
martellaturi	pl - none - none
brikkuni	pl - none - none
salvati	pl - none - none
ġrajja	sg - f - none
ħerqan	sg - m - none
usa'	none - none - comparative
ateiżmu	sg - m - none
knejniet	pl - none - none
tagħsid	sg - m - none
kronaka	sg - f - none
tumur	sg - m - none
ħaffirija	sg - f - none
ħtejbiet	pl - none - diminutive
viljakki	pl - none - none
ketkutija	pl - none - none
sikmiet	pl - none - none
alka	sg - f - none
ħamħuma	sg - f - none
żerriegħi	sg - m - none
nagħgħasin	pl - none - none
ħodor	pl - none - none
ħarħarin	pl - none - none
sewwiqija	sg - f - none
ħalliem	sg - m - none
servitù	none - m - none
brieqem	pl - none - none
gzuz	pl - none - none
sammatija	sg - f - none
mezzi	pl - none - none
tgħajjat	sg - f - none
maksra	sg - f - none
qaddimija	sg - f - none
simbjotiku	sg - m - none
rebbiegħa	sg - f - none
deċiż	sg - m - none
weraq	coll - m - none
tilħin	sg - m - none
textixin	pl - none - none
kibx	sg - m - none
qassami	sg - m - none
briegħed	pl - none - none
esponent	sg - m - none
qanfud	sg - m - none
usal	pl - none - none
terer	pl - none - none
imqaddes	sg - m - none
ħniek	pl - none - none
mekkikin	pl - none - none
skolastiku	sg - m - none
santwarji	pl - m - none
sammama	sg - f - none
seħib	sg - m - none
pixxatur	sg - m - none
skieken	pl - none - none
passaporti	pl - none - none
tnidijiet	pl - none - none
involut	sg - m - none
mħafi	pl - none - none
demmisija	sg - f - none
damdimi	sg - m - none
xiħa	sg - f - none
spiżjari	pl - none - none
plattina	sg - f - none
żjin	sg - m - none
żinġla	sg - f - none
tbik	sg - m - none
qarqira	sg - f - none
baqbuqa	sg - f - none
qabbiżija	sg - f - none
fġir	sg - m - none
rażniet	pl - none - none
ħarrin	pl - none - none
fissud	sg - m - none
vinji	pl - none - none
komunikazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
nġejmiet	pl - none - diminutive
midħna	sg - f - none
tqattil	sg - m - none
lqit	sg - m - none
tħassira	sg - f - none
ħawda	sg - f - none
ħawwar	sg - m - none
tidrir	sg - m - none
simbjotika	sg - f - none
taħtuħ	sg - m - none
ħammar	sg - m - none
karba	sg - f - none
Lhudi	sg - m - none
qdam	pl - none - none
delegazzjoni	sg - f - none
sfumaturi	pl - none - none
ġiddiemi	sg - m - none
żejjinija	sg - f - none
akkużata	sg - f - none
xaqlieba	pl - none - none
Ġermaniżi	pl - m - none
serriġin	pl - none - none
qwilin	pl - none - none
solidarjetà	sg - f - none
żengiela	pl - none - none
naqnuqa	pl - none - none
gżira	sg - f - none
ġuħ	sg - m - none
iffurmat	sg - m - none
bħaħan	pl - none - none
tifrik	sg - m - none
irreferejt	none - none - none
enofilu	sg - m - none
pariġina	sg - f - none
turnjatura	sg - f - none
qattara	pl - none - none
żurrieqi	sg - m - none
tibkima	sg - f - none
trasformata	sg - f - none
kuxin	sg - f - none
ġewlaq	sg - m - none
semmiegħi	sg - m - none
brimbiet	pl - none - none
sabbati	sg - m - none
nixxiegħa	sg - f - none
mit	sg - m - none
riflessjoni	sg - f - none
ritmu	sg - m - none
kuntratt	sg - m - none
elastiċi	pl - none - none
noqob	pl - none - none
demmies	sg - m - none
marżebbiet	pl - none - none
tiskita	sg - f - none
merħi	sg - m - none
titwila	sg - f - none
truf	pl - none - none
taqgħid	sg - m - none
taqsis	sg - m - none
fallimentari	sg - m - none
fettilin	pl - none - none
serpenti	pl - none - none
tbaċċiċa	sg - f - none
sikkieta	sg - f - none
gerrumi	sg - m - none
kwartier	sg - m - none
beżgħa	sg - f - none
msagħtrin	pl - none - none
tkaħħil	sg - m - none
twarrida	sg - f - none
palks	pl - none - none
tajr	coll - m - none
dwejqa	sg - f - none
enfasizzati	pl - none - none
pronunzji	pl - none - none
razzett	sg - m - none
esperti	pl - m - none
lentijiet	pl - none - none
fesfisin	pl - none - none
rvina	sg - f - none
bokkli	pl - none - none
ħassilin	pl - none - none
sinjifikat	sg - m - none
wegħieda	sg - f - none
widdiebi	sg - m - none
mderwex	sg - m - none
twiddib	sg - m - none
xitwija	sg - f - none
rata	sg - f - none
kumplamenti	pl - none - none
mdejjaq	sg - m - none
nervjata	sg - f - none
tibrixa	sg - f - none
tmugħija	sg - f - none
kalkulaturi	pl - none - none
bkieri	pl - none - none
swidijiet	pl - none - none
salv	sg - m - none
taħżiż	sg - m - none
kunċett	sg - m - none
turrun	sg - m - none
qaddiem	sg - m - none
ġibsiet	pl - none - none
kolji	pl - none - none
qartas	sg - m - none
sewwidin	pl - none - none
dlil	sg - m - none
skappati	pl - none - none
kanġakulur	none - none - none
fettuq	sg - m - none
meżmiżija	sg - f - none
liebta	sg - f - none
kejjiela	sg - f - none
żrar	coll - none - none
eku	sg - m - none
superfamilja	sg - f - none
għariba	sg - f - none
ibbliċjata	sg - f - none
kapital	sg - m - none
bqajra	sg - f - none
dijagrammi	pl - none - none
nsabi	pl - none - none
tgħala	pl - none - none
sriġ	sg - m - none
tellifija	sg - f - none
implikati	pl - none - none
qallat	sg - m - none
ċirkustanzi	pl - none - none
oċean	sg - m - none
teoretika	sg - f - none
tfarriġa	sg - f - none
ikrah	sg - m - none
rappreżentati	pl - none - none
gomom	pl - none - none
mixħuta	sg - f - none
ħabbara	sg - f - none
sarbita	sg - f - none
sammamija	sg - f - none
urni	pl - none - none
beritta	sg - f - none
żeġġieġa	sg - f - none
tferriq	sg - m - none
bordijiet	pl - m - none
vetrini	pl - none - none
ottimista	sg - m - none
kexkiexi	sg - m - none
