tertuqa	sg - f - none
kuntistabbli	sg - f - none
xemgħat	pl - none - none
ħamimiet	pl - none - none
fqid	sg - m - none
ġilju	sg - m - none
vrus	pl - none - none
tingħisa	sg - f - none
prietka	pl - none - none
textixija	sg - f - none
emigranti	pl - m - none
kommozzjoni	sg - f - none
mnabar	pl - none - none
lagħgħaba	pl - none - none
briemeċ	pl - none - none
ħallibin	pl - none - none
qiegħ	sg - f - none
frawli	coll - none - none
unur	sg - m - none
daħħal	sg - m - none
magħtuba	sg - f - none
ġenniena	sg - f - none
mtala'	pl - none - none
gawwija	sg - f - none
lewn	sg - m - none
raħal	sg - m - none
sitwazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
speċjalizzati	pl - none - none
martellata	sg - f - none
maltempijiet	pl - none - none
sikkieta	sg - f - none
niggież	sg - m - none
sewdinija	pl - none - none
favuri	pl - none - none
tgħollija	none - none - none
kejjidin	pl - none - none
debbilin	pl - none - none
produzzjoni	sg - f - none
dmir	sg - m - none
zappapin	pl - none - none
tidbira	sg - f - none
sisien	pl - none - none
ħabbiżija	sg - f - none
tpaċpiċ	coll - m - none
tlanżita	sg - f - none
ċifra	sg - f - none
qotni	sg - m - none
ġeddidija	sg - f - none
ħarriqin	pl - none - none
qara'	coll - m - none
eki	pl - none - none
perżut	coll - none - none
klin	coll - m - none
qejsien	sg - m - none
konvinzjonijiet	pl - f - none
żammara	pl - none - none
sbir	sg - m - none
globu	sg - m - none
swieqi	pl - none - none
pieg	sg - m - none
aggressiv	sg - m - none
feġġien	sg - m - none
darraba	sg - f - none
barraxiet	pl - none - none
żbubin	pl - none - none
mnieżel	pl - none - none
pertinenza	sg - f - none
ħarġa	sg - f - none
tisbir	sg - m - none
tibdil	sg - m - none
dħulija	sg - f - none
tliġġim	sg - m - none
ġummiena	sg - f - none
sammara	sg - f - none
waħwiħin	pl - none - none
sieħi	sg - m - none
taħriġa	sg - f - none
ħallelin	pl - none - none
bilblun	sg - m - none
temtum	sg - m - none
nominazzjoni	sg - f - none
mnieqax	pl - none - none
żgejjer	pl - none - none
bibejn	dl - none - none
radikali	none - none - none
bekbikin	pl - none - none
nikkitin	pl - none - none
żbub	pl - none - none
qfejliet	pl - none - none
rispettiv	sg - m - none
qanżiħija	sg - f - none
trieraħ	pl - none - none
kantar	sg - m - none
safef	pl - none - none
żgħożija	sg - f - none
nanna	sg - f - none
waħwieħa	sg - f - none
tidhisa	sg - f - none
għaxq	sg - m - none
ħatja	sg - f - none
leħħiet	pl - none - none
tilżim	sg - m - none
kessiħin	pl - none - none
qaddibija	sg - f - none
wassigħija	sg - f - none
kaċċalepri 	sg - m - none
djubi	sg - m - none
lima	sg - f - none
sedattiv	sg - m - none
għera	sg - f - none
kissiebi	sg - m - none
nawnu	sg - m - none
anatomiku	sg - m - none
ħlusija	sg - f - none
tbahrid	sg - m - none
żejż	sg - m - none
prominenti	pl - none - none
bewwieġi	sg - m - none
żnanar	pl - none - none
tgħarqib	sg - m - none
eżaminata	sg - f - none
siringa	sg - f - none
temmimin	pl - none - none
wassiegħi	sg - m - none
teffiegħa	pl - none - none
awtobijografiku	sg - m - none
ħaswa	sg - f - none
qawsalli	pl - none - none
karattri	pl - m - none
riħa	sg - f - none
tħambiqa	sg - f - none
ċedent	sg - m - none
dati	pl - f - none
tmażliġ	coll - m - none
newbija	sg - f - none
tmelliħ	sg - m - none
Portugiż	sg - m - none
żkieri	pl - none - none
għażil	sg - m - none
maqrar	sg - m - none
laħħaqin	pl - none - none
srejjep	sg - m - none
bellieta	sg - f - none
għira	sg - f - none
bċieċen	pl - none - none
xewka	sg - f - none
mqajjmin	pl - none - none
mexmixin	pl - none - none
mħabba	sg - f - none
tiskira	sg - f - none
fittixin	pl - none - none
xengulin	pl - none - none
qawwej	sg - m - none
salvakondotti	pl - none - none
dakkarija	sg - f - none
sabrija	pl - none - none
bajjada	sg - f - none
tniġġim	sg - m - none
xtiewi	pl - none - none
msejknin	pl - none - none
norveġiż	sg - m - none
fakultajiet	pl - f - none
mixgħul	sg - m - none
tbadbid	sg - m - none
raxkament	sg - m - none
sfieter	pl - none - none
moniter	sg - m - none
żaqqieqa	sg - f - none
titriqa	sg - f - none
sħuħija	none - f - none
tħammim	sg - m - none
allegorika	sg - f - none
toqol	sg - m - none
ħejjuma	pl - none - none
mtieraħ	pl - none - none
tiżjid	sg - m - none
qawwariet	pl - none - none
dipartiment	sg - m - none
tekdida	sg - f - none
ħabbiżin	pl - none - none
timlisa	sg - f - none
dexxiexa	sg - f - none
srew	none - m - none
garantiti	pl - none - none
liberali	none - none - none
iġded	none - none - comparative
femminil	sg - m - none
varjetà	sg - f - none
kotranin	pl - none - none
tiġmila	sg - f - none
mqasam	pl - none - none
taqdir	sg - m - none
tqanżiħ	coll - m - none
titliqa	sg - f - none
ħaqqiqin	pl - none - none
bajsikils	pl - none - none
żebbuġin	pl - none - none
poeżiji	pl - f - none
spiji	pl - none - none
tħanżiriet	pl - none - none
ungeriż	sg - m - none
żekżikin	pl - none - none
mitlufin	pl - none - none
fallut	sg - m - none
żaqq	sg - f - none
tebutiera	pl - none - none
lanza	sg - f - none
figurattiva	sg - f - none
radjaturi	pl - none - none
tutur	sg - m - none
barraxin	pl - none - none
tidwiq	sg - m - none
żehma	sg - f - none
kornuta	sg - f - none
rigħi	sg - m - none
ħaxlief	sg - m - none
bajjada	pl - none - none
niġġiesi	sg - m - none
statistika	sg - f - none
ħaddilin	pl - none - none
tbarbira	sg - f - none
mċempel	sg - m - none
braġ	pl - none - none
lessiki	pl - m - none
tbigħid	sg - m - none
diplomatika	sg - f - none
ħjara	sg - f - none
fhumija	sg - f - none
mejju	sg - m - none
ħażżenin	pl - none - none
żarrad	sg - m - none
lablaba	pl - none - none
għatir	sg - m - none
tfekkika	sg - f - none
kardijaċi	pl - none - none
bewwisin	pl - none - none
korijiet	pl - m - none
bwejsa	sg - f - diminutive
misħut	sg - m - none
wegħidija	sg - f - none
vaski	pl - none - none
naġriet	pl - none - none
xipli	pl - none - none
rqajqa	pl - none - none
seksikin	pl - none - none
taqlit	sg - m - none
saqqaj	sg - m - none
debba	sg - f - none
qlub	pl - f - none
indirizzat	sg - m - none
ppruvata	sg - f - none
seffidin	pl - none - none
terrieqa	pl - none - none
sink	sg - m - none
għarwiela	sg - f - none
tagħrif	sg - m - none
titriża	sg - f - none
taħħanin	pl - none - none
dammiema	sg - f - none
skolastika	sg - f - none
prestazzjoni	sg - f - none
bejjigħin	pl - none - none
żajbrija	pl - none - none
Għawdxin	pl - m - none
reġistrat	sg - m - none
pensjonijiet	pl - f - none
djubin	pl - none - none
ċraret	pl - none - none
tħebbil	sg - m - none
nazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
friefex	pl - none - none
peċluqa	pl - none - none
fard	sg - m - none
żjajjar	pl - none - none
bellilin	pl - none - none
żbaljati	pl - none - none
kursara	pl - none - none
bkim	sg - m - none
udab	pl - none - none
ġemmiela	sg - f - none
barkiet	pl - none - none
mimlija	sg - f - none
ferfiera	sg - f - none
nixxufi	sg - m - none
armonjużi	pl - none - none
investimenti	pl - m - none
mexxej	sg - m - none
pjaneti	pl - none - none
seffieqa	sg - f - none
mċefċqa	sg - f - none
otbla	pl - none - none
sardinelli	pl - none - none
tmasħir	coll - m - none
tiżmim	sg - m - none
regolaturi	pl - m - none
maħnuqa	sg - f - none
tregħid	sg - m - none
tratan	pl - none - none
tnietex	pl - none - none
tħaxxixa	sg - f - none
serkin	sg - m - none
fukrana	sg - f - none
ġerrieħ	sg - m - none
mqasar	pl - none - none
ħalliela	pl - none - none
dar	sg - f - none
tberdila	sg - f - none
felfulija	sg - f - none
dehbija	sg - f - none
qsajbiet	pl - none - none
berbuqa	sg - f - none
tgħanqid	none - none - none
żaddam	sg - m - none
tqabbiż	sg - m - none
snadar	pl - none - none
ekżema	sg - f - none
larinġiet	pl - none - none
dandanin	pl - none - none
laburista	sg - f - none
kejl	sg - m - none
ċanfira	sg - f - none
pesti	pl - none - none
salvazzjoni	sg - f - none
mċaqalqin	pl - none - none
tniffisa	sg - f - none
griż	sg - m - none
ħannixin	pl - none - none
ħxunija	sg - f - none
preistoriku	sg - m - none
dejjiema	sg - f - none
serrieħa	sg - f - none
turbien	coll - m - none
żegħda	sg - f - none
enċiklopediji	pl - f - none
impjieg	sg - m - none
qassaba	sg - f - none
dehiex	sg - m - none
naqqaxa	pl - none - none
lħaħ	pl - none - none
saffarin	pl - none - none
kunfidenzi	pl - f - none
tisħib	sg - m - none
grammatikali	sg - none - none
qarsiet	pl - none - none
inkjesti	pl - none - none
programmatiċi	pl - none - none
qajjiela	sg - f - none
kritiċi	pl - none - none
wettiqin	pl - none - none
mkienes	pl - none - none
fissudin	pl - none - none
żehriet	pl - none - none
berqiet	pl - none - none
ġewwieħa	sg - f - none
tgerbiġa	sg - f - none
baxxejjin	pl - none - none
xmux	pl - none - none
lampuka	sg - f - none
tropikali	none - none - none
maħħatin	pl - none - none
ħwajjen	sg - m - diminutive
mondjali	none - none - none
aġġettivali	sg - none - none
raxx	sg - m - none
werċi	pl - none - none
televixin	sg - m - none
xeblieka	sg - f - none
firma	sg - f - none
isqfijiet	pl - m - none
saħħara	pl - none - none
marradin	pl - none - none
dagħdigħat	pl - none - none
kewwisija	sg - f - none
tqattila	sg - f - none
seffifija	sg - f - none
edukat	sg - m - none
midwa	sg - f - none
individwaliżmi	pl - m - none
rumani	pl - none - none
sellifija	sg - f - none
immedjati	pl - none - none
fxil	sg - m - none
partijiet	pl - m - none
pupa	sg - f - none
twaħwiħ	coll - m - none
kedd	sg - m - none
ħaddedin	pl - none - none
nissieli	sg - m - none
sellimija	sg - f - none
ħażżimin	pl - none - none
xappapi	sg - m - none
verbali	pl - none - none
stonkijiet	pl - none - none
tiswim	sg - m - none
feġġa	sg - f - none
ġgħid	sg - m - none
knis	sg - m - none
profili	pl - none - none
ġmula	pl - none - none
tehdima	sg - f - none
morri	pl - none - none
paraventu	sg - m - none
bieb	sg - m - none
tqajjel	sg - m - none
jumejn	dl - m - none
tqabiż	sg - m - none
komponent	sg - m - none
politiku	sg - m - none
kormi	sg - m - none
vokali	pl - none - none
mutraba	pl - none - none
tqassita	sg - f - none
operatur	sg - m - none
kitla	sg - f - none
vuċijiet	pl - f - none
għenuq	pl - none - none
bawxata	sg - f - none
reċiproka	sg - f - none
dardari	sg - m - none
dormitorji	pl - none - none
tgargira	sg - f - none
taħmil	sg - m - none
serje	sg - f - none
arti	pl - f - none
tibetan	sg - m - none
ħarriesa	sg - f - none
serridija	pl - none - none
qrejweż	sg - m - none
qejjimija	sg - f - none
wasliet	pl - none - none
permanenti	sg - f - none
ħasrana	sg - f - none
xeħta	sg - f - none
maqdara	sg - f - none
tidħila	sg - f - none
misfieqa	pl - none - none
zunnarija	coll - none - none
grieg	sg - m - none
rqieq	sg - m - none
dewwibija	sg - f - none
elmi	pl - none - none
tbelliha	sg - f - none
derivati	pl - none - none
ċejqa	sg - f - none
nazzjonalitajiet	pl - f - none
a	sg - m - none
qtajgħa	sg - f - none
ġessies	sg - m - none
twerrit	sg - m - none
waħħaxa	sg - f - none
kattari	sg - m - none
tizjiza	sg - f - none
bilanċ	sg - m - none
awtomatika	sg - f - none
tajra	sg - f - none
żbib	coll - none - none
sptar	sg - m - none
piżijiet	pl - m - none
rifuġjati	pl - none - none
maħra	sg - f - none
pontijiet	pl - m - none
aniżett	sg - m - none
tiftix	sg - m - none
ikfna	pl - none - none
gurbell	sg - m - none
tbelbil	sg - m - none
ċuċesk	sg - m - none
qoħtija	sg - f - none
tixmiq	sg - m - none
rmixk	coll - none - none
vera	sg - f - none
tarrada	pl - none - none
saħħanija	pl - none - none
bergħieni	sg - m - none
garrajja	sg - f - none
nebbieħa	none - f - none
abolit	sg - m - none
eħmla	pl - none - none
patti	pl - m - none
qsusi	sg - m - none
akkademiku	sg - m - none
fsid	sg - m - none
tikrih	sg - m - none
tħażżina	sg - f - none
burokratiċi	pl - none - none
friefer	pl - none - none
sbuħiet	pl - none - none
tfigħ	sg - m - none
strument	sg - m - none
tibnija	sg - f - none
tama	sg - f - none
trobbiji	pl - none - none
kieni	sg - m - none
ernja	sg - f - none
balzmu	sg - m - none
tismim	sg - m - none
gremxul	coll - none - none
tossiċi	pl - none - none
lenbiebi	sg - m - none
tifqisa	sg - f - none
xbejba	sg - f - diminutive
ibgħad	none - none - comparative
tiġmid	sg - m - none
mdennesin	pl - none - none
xenxiela	pl - none - none
espress	sg - m - none
tikfir	sg - m - none
kkunsidrati	pl - none - none
xjenzat	sg - m - none
stranġiera	pl - none - none
ħlas	sg - m - none
kariga	sg - f - none
lagħbi	sg - m - none
superklassijiet	pl - f - none
maqdara	pl - none - none
tilqima	sg - f - none
newwilin	pl - none - none
ansjuż	sg - m - none
barram	sg - m - none
tejjieba	pl - none - none
dħulija	sg - f - none
bikma	sg - f - none
xħit	sg - m - none
żballi	pl - m - none
zunnarijiet	pl - none - none
rħula	pl - none - none
baħnanata	sg - f - none
tbarrija	sg - f - none
soċjetà	sg - f - none
mera	sg - f - none
balbiela	sg - f - none
lewż	sg - m - none
xdud	pl - none - none
dijabetiċi	pl - none - none
neffiqija	none - f - none
bettieħa	sg - f - none
qxejra	sg - f - none
tlellixiet	pl - none - none
nikkitin	pl - none - none
għeltijiet	pl - none - none
prietka	sg - m - none
intimi	pl - none - none
sajfi	sg - m - none
urejkiet	pl - none - none
ġuridiċi	pl - none - none
tibħita	sg - f - none
devjazzjonijiet	pl - none - none
tiħjir	none - none - none
żewwiġija	pl - none - none
temprin	sg - m - none
reqqa	sg - f - none
sejjisin	pl - none - none
xtiebi	pl - none - none
ħrejjef	pl - none - none
nwariet	pl - none - none
introdotti	pl - none - none
mistenni	sg - m - none
keffiena	pl - none - none
sewwisin	pl - none - none
azzjonijiet	pl - f - none
materjalistiċi	pl - none - none
gundalla	sg - f - none
bellieqa	sg - f - none
binjiet	pl - none - none
marrada	sg - f - none
lellixin	pl - none - none
hewdinija	sg - f - none
żerżieqa	pl - none - none
ġessiesa	sg - f - none
kewwejja	sg - f - none
fundamentali	none - none - none
ċenċila	sg - f - none
felliesi	sg - m - none
laqqiegħa	sg - f - none
godlin	pl - none - none
preferita	sg - f - none
mwieżeb	pl - none - none
tmaqdira	sg - f - none
tiswisa	sg - f - none
tisrif	sg - m - none
distribwita	sg - f - none
bodbod	sg - m - none
safrani	sg - m - none
tlewwiqa	sg - f - none
ezamijiet	pl - m - none
żennej	sg - m - none
kattoliċiżmu	sg - m - none
għarwien	sg - m - none
alabastru	sg - m - none
kelmtejn	dl - none - none
kaċċaturi	pl - none - none
bilbli	sg - m - none
dwaliet	pl - none - none
tamal	sg - m - none
materjali	pl - m - none
għarib	sg - m - none
tmaħmiħa	sg - f - none
żebbieġi	sg - m - none
lewwiħin	pl - none - none
sawwimin	pl - none - none
lagħaqija	sg - f - none
uħida	sg - f - none
maqxar	sg - m - none
baned	pl - none - none
anzjana	pl - none - none
ċinju	sg - m - none
tlellix	sg - m - none
ġiferija	sg - f - none
mtielaq	pl - none - none
kagħwiexi	pl - none - none
ġelat	sg - m - none
rvina	sg - f - none
qrejqċiet	pl - none - none
nessej	sg - m - none
vandali	pl - none - none
qandula	sg - f - none
taħrib	none - none - none
finanzjarju	sg - m - none
tisrim	sg - m - none
rawnd	sg - m - none
ħatjin	pl - none - none
qajjimin	pl - none - none
ridiet	pl - none - none
idjoti	pl - none - none
lbejsiet	pl - none - none
balbieli	sg - m - none
ċilindrika	sg - f - none
ippubblikata	sg - f - none
sajjara	sg - f - none
mħabbtin	pl - none - none
kurrent	sg - m - none
ferħiet	pl - none - none
flaġelli	pl - none - none
ħfejriet	pl - none - none
kantur	sg - m - none
ferriex	sg - m - none
professjoni	sg - f - none
triġġil	sg - m - none
sersur	sg - m - none
kunjomijiet	pl - none - none
tarxiet	pl - none - none
tjubijiet	pl - none - none
twajjeb	sg - m - none
żawwalija	pl - none - none
rikordji	pl - none - none
waħħadin	pl - none - none
sejjieħa	sg - f - none
taħtim	sg - m - none
bawwar	sg - m - none
konservattiva	sg - f - none
itjeb	none - none - comparative
żegħieda	sg - f - none
weswisin	pl - none - none
assigurati	pl - none - none
għads	sg - m - none
pespusija	sg - f - none
xkupilji	pl - none - none
mteraq	pl - none - none
qanżieħi	sg - m - none
żibda	sg - f - none
ħajjarija	sg - f - none
difer	sg - m - none
forċipi	sg - f - none
daqqasa	sg - f - none
ħajjin	pl - none - none
dkaken	pl - none - none
karwatija	pl - none - none
lebbitin	pl - none - none
ħaxxunin	pl - none - none
tqamis	sg - m - none
muswidin	pl - none - none
fixkilija	sg - f - none
għazziet	pl - none - none
naħriet	pl - none - none
qarni	sg - m - none
omosesswalità	sg - f - none
tinżil	sg - m - none
pappa	sg - f - none
żaqqaq	sg - m - none
tornata	sg - f - none
berquq	coll - none - none
tlikkima	sg - f - none
warda	sg - f - none
tisrik	sg - m - none
tbegħida	sg - f - none
ġewwiżija	sg - f - none
tikjit	sg - m - none
sħuna	sg - f - none
kompetenzi	pl - f - none
tgermida	sg - f - none
ħanxar	sg - m - none
mwarrbin	pl - none - none
niedma	none - none - none
lipstik	sg - m - none
faraġ	sg - m - none
xarbitelli	pl - none - none
flettijiet	pl - none - none
tabakk	sg - m - none
ginekoloġista	sg - f - none
tubi	pl - none - none
kronoloġiku	sg - m - none
taljani	pl - none - none
taqlil	sg - m - none
foloz	pl - none - none
msejkna	sg - f - none
bexkilija	sg - f - none
simpożjum	sg - m - none
sinonimi	pl - none - none
suppieri	pl - none - none
qanċiċin	pl - none - none
ħattieta	sg - f - none
hemmieża	sg - f - none
pespiesa	pl - none - none
qajjimija	pl - none - none
jodju	sg - m - none
fewwiħija	sg - f - none
tvinċijiet	pl - none - none
tnessija	sg - f - none
ġejjifin	pl - none - none
loppju	sg - m - none
dendilin	pl - none - none
mċefċqin	pl - none - none
dries	coll - m - none
moħqrija	sg - f - none
talbanin	pl - none - none
boqqa	sg - f - none
qollin	pl - none - none
midliel	sg - m - none
dendul	sg - m - none
trasparenza	sg - f - none
xxalar	sg - m - none
msenniet	pl - none - none
ministru	sg - m - none
bżonnijiet	pl - m - none
tusigħa	sg - f - none
ħosbenin	pl - none - none
kagħab	pl - none - none
neddejja	sg - f - none
maqmiqin	pl - none - none
taqwima	sg - f - none
bajtrija	sg - f - none
ktajjen	pl - none - none
semminin	pl - none - none
dfiefes	pl - none - none
teħmir	sg - m - none
serpija	pl - none - none
magħruf	sg - m - none
sensieli	sg - m - none
xejn	sg - m - none
certa	sg - f - none
tmesliħa	sg - f - none
ħsajla	sg - f - diminutive
sellieħa	sg - f - none
wiesgħa	pl - none - none
taċċi	pl - none - none
lubiena	sg - f - none
sakra	sg - f - none
fqira	sg - f - none
werriex	sg - m - none
tlaqqim	sg - m - none
pavri	pl - none - none
tisrip	sg - m - none
taqtit	sg - m - none
sommarju	sg - m - none
intelliġenza	sg - f - none
tbaċċin	sg - m - none
dexxixija	sg - f - none
megħiżin	pl - none - none
preċiż	sg - m - none
bturiet	sg - none - none
ġeoloġiċi	pl - none - none
distribwit	sg - m - none
bramel	pl - none - none
timwis	sg - m - none
dekkikija	sg - f - none
tibniet	pl - none - none
moħfija	sg - f - none
msejkna	sg - f - none
blejjah	sg - m - none
bolonjiż	sg - m - none
ġennati	pl - none - none
siħjin	pl - none - none
doża	sg - f - none
mkabbar	sg - m - none
skutelli	pl - none - none
eżaminat	sg - m - none
żajjara	sg - f - none
post	sg - m - none
merkanzija	sg - f - none
indiretti	pl - none - none
kibxin	pl - none - none
daqsiex	sg - f - none
qlub	pl - none - none
mħallat	sg - m - none
semminin	pl - none - none
vġejjel	pl - none - none
sarrama	sg - f - none
bsaten	pl - none - none
żqajqa	sg - f - none
xewlieħa	pl - none - none
baħnanati	pl - none - none
lewm	sg - m - none
tellifin	pl - none - none
ħtien	pl - none - none
ġeometrika	sg - f - none
tagħfiġ	sg - m - none
diskuss	sg - m - none
epoki	pl - f - none
tbixkil	sg - m - none
tewka	sg - f - none
installazzjoni	sg - f - none
titpina	sg - f - none
żafżafi	sg - m - none
seħer	sg - m - none
kantabbli	none - m - none
eretiku	sg - m - none
qabbada	pl - none - none
sgħin	sg - m - none
attribwiti	pl - none - none
tarraxija	pl - none - none
tiknis	sg - m - none
ħakkiema	pl - none - none
toqla	none - f - none
notturna	sg - f - none
Malti	sg - m - none
dawwari	sg - m - none
tħaxkina	sg - f - none
teoriji	pl - f - none
tawwala	sg - f - none
enerġija	sg - f - none
kompetizzjoni	sg - f - none
ħjilin	pl - none - none
nejjieki	sg - m - none
żarżarija	sg - f - none
bilbluni	pl - none - none
sakkari	sg - m - none
bassiet	pl - none - none
hemmiema	sg - f - none
wild	sg - m - none
xenxila	sg - f - none
orgażmu	sg - m - none
piż	sg - m - none
immensi	pl - none - none
nżigħ	sg - m - none
mantell	sg - m - none
tabbabija	pl - none - none
laqqami	sg - m - none
kina	sg - f - none
inkwejjen	pl - none - none
kwieti	pl - none - none
żejdin	pl - none - none
tbaħħir	sg - m - none
twas	pl - none - none
qotnin	pl - none - none
kebbieb	sg - m - none
tiġwiża	sg - f - none
fkieren	pl - none - none
gelgul	sg - m - none
kontra	sg - f - none
gemgiem	sg - m - none
tizkik	sg - m - none
laħlieħa	sg - f - none
keddidin	pl - none - none
mnaqab	pl - none - none
tikjina	sg - f - none
daħħaka	sg - f - none
qargħin	pl - none - none
fexfixa	sg - f - none
kaxex	pl - none - none
tiswiba	sg - f - none
romblaturija	sg - f - none
minfuħ	sg - m - none
ħallati	sg - m - none
bermuċ	sg - m - none
tkixxifin	pl - none - none
korsijiet	pl - m - none
għawwejja	sg - f - none
parlatorju	sg - m - none
qtugħija	pl - none - none
tilwima	sg - f - none
tisħib	sg - m - none
enfasizzata	sg - f - none
dettaljata	sg - f - none
ħannieqi	sg - m - none
tifħila	sg - f - none
żurżar	sg - m - none
fiswa	sg - f - none
tinqir	sg - m - none
ħuttafa	pl - none - none
ffirmata	sg - f - none
fettulija	sg - f - none
bxir	sg - m - none
wegħda	sg - f - none
unuri	pl - m - none
tlibbisa	sg - f - none
ċenċil	coll - m - none
titwiji	pl - none - none
telligħija	sg - f - none
kolazzjon	sg - m - none
ħawwadija	sg - f - none
partita	sg - f - none
tqallib	sg - m - none
sedqa	sg - f - none
tebbigħin	pl - none - none
xewqan	sg - m - none
tiskik	sg - m - none
xedd	sg - m - none
gergirija	sg - f - none
paċifikatur	sg - m - none
bukkun	sg - m - none
darrej	sg - m - none
vulkaniku	sg - m - none
ċelliqija	sg - f - none
żamm	sg - m - none
merqa	sg - f - none
paħpaħi	sg - m - none
soċjoloġiku	sg - m - none
kierja	sg - f - none
stazzjonarji	pl - none - none
tħallita	sg - f - none
tħajjit	sg - m - none
dandana	sg - f - none
ħallibija	sg - f - none
stilizzata	sg - f - none
sawrell	coll - none - none
tiġieġiet	pl - f - none
ikkonċentrati	pl - none - none
therrira	sg - f - none
spjegi	pl - none - none
itbla	pl - none - none
qarrieq	sg - m - none
qaduma	sg - f - none
trobbija	sg - f - none
bewsa	sg - f - none
friegħi	pl - none - none
bilanċjata	sg - f - none
kattoliku	sg - m - none
tabbala	pl - none - none
skwirill	sg - m - none
petpieta	pl - none - none
lokalità	sg - f - none
sebbiel	sg - m - none
tbal	pl - none - none
newwimija	sg - f - none
btiebet	pl - none - none
tqaddis	sg - m - none
ġurament	sg - m - none
forma	sg - f - none
mabħar	sg - m - none
karatteristika	sg - f - none
wiskis	pl - none - none
telligħin	pl - none - none
blanzun	sg - m - none
involuti	pl - none - none
fisqija	sg - f - none
pulpti	pl - none - none
subborg	sg - m - none
rħas	pl - none - none
keskiesi	sg - m - none
sbira	sg - f - none
galletta	sg - f - none
angoli	pl - m - none
polza	sg - f - none
suf	coll - m - none
swejjed	sg - m - none
teħġim	sg - m - none
awwisti	pl - none - none
qolla	sg - f - none
kalmant	sg - m - none
sħiħa	sg - f - none
arkeoloġiku	sg - m - none
sallaba	sg - f - none
gwajijiet	pl - none - none
tajjarija	pl - none - none
għamja	sg - f - none
dennisin	pl - none - none
ridikoli	pl - none - none
tiżhim	sg - m - none
dimonju	sg - m - none
Ġunju	sg - m - none
qarsiet	pl - none - none
allokati	pl - none - none
tħarrif	sg - m - none
burdelluż	sg - m - none
bażi	sg - m - none
titjiġ	sg - m - none
fiżika	sg - f - none
keffieni	sg - m - none
finet	pl - none - none
turistiċi	pl - none - none
għanqbuta	sg - f - none
lbit	sg - m - none
semmieni	sg - m - none
bard	sg - m - none
paċifisti	pl - none - none
tfergħina	sg - f - none
ħajriet	pl - none - none
salvi	pl - none - none
tentin	coll - m - none
portmoni	sg - m - none
pereċ	pl - none - none
ftuq	sg - m - none
dwetti	pl - none - none
varjazzjoni	sg - f - none
tniġġis	sg - m - none
partiġġaniżmu	sg - m - none
żrajbuna	sg - f - none
operazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
qożża	sg - f - none
żbarki	pl - none - none
kratab	pl - none - none
nowtbuk	sg - m - none
nehidin	pl - none - none
fundatur	sg - m - none
sigriet	sg - m - none
interazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
knaz	pl - none - none
kartonċin	sg - m - none
tħannis	sg - m - none
krozzi	pl - none - none
taħsis	sg - m - none
tmegħiż	sg - m - none
ċirkustanza	sg - f - none
tħaġġira	sg - f - none
xurbana	sg - f - none
seffiħin	pl - none - none
niexfa	sg - f - none
tarraża	pl - none - none
ġmieda	sg - f - none
bekbik	sg - m - none
kaktus	sg - f - none
sfera	sg - f - none
sies	sg - m - none
xalata	sg - f - none
assigurazzjonijiet	pl - none - none
kredijiet	pl - none - none
dammimin	pl - none - none
tfettita	sg - f - none
wennies	sg - m - none
kewwej	sg - m - none
qaħbunazza	sg - f - none
seffieħ	sg - m - none
metaforiku	sg - m - none
tina	sg - f - none
stabbiliti	pl - none - none
vulnerabbiltà	sg - f - none
tronġa	sg - f - none
tizpina	sg - f - none
dekkikin	pl - none - none
plastika	sg - f - none
daħla	sg - f - none
kartularji	pl - none - none
mandolin	coll - none - none
ħanniqin	pl - none - none
tifsiqa	sg - f - none
briemeċ	pl - none - none
destin	sg - m - none
spagiet	pl - none - none
fetqiet	pl - none - none
hemmiemi	sg - m - none
nirreferiex	none - none - none
rilaxxata	sg - f - none
prepożizzjonijiet	pl - f - none
bajjad	sg - m - none
qammati	sg - m - none
ċkejkunin	pl - none - none
wassalin	pl - none - none
tornitur	sg - m - none
eqregħ	none - none - comparative
proprjetarju	sg - m - none
shir	sg - m - none
tħabbit	sg - m - none
mdejqa	sg - f - none
żliqija	sg - f - none
proxxmu	pl - none - none
parteċipazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
nejbiet	pl - none - none
slimiżi	pl - none - none
taqbidiet	pl - none - none
teftufiet	pl - none - none
ingravajjet	pl - none - none
mewwitin	pl - none - none
avviżi	pl - none - none
tħarir	sg - m - none
sinjura	sg - f - none
gerfux	sg - m - none
professjonijiet	pl - f - none
investituri	pl - m - none
sturnell	sg - m - none
mielħa	pl - none - none
fewwiqin	pl - none - none
taħħan	sg - m - none
ħofri	sg - m - none
konflitti	pl - none - none
nemnimija	sg - f - none
misla	sg - f - none
trembil	sg - m - none
ferħa	sg - f - none
ħanek	sg - m - none
berrinija	sg - f - none
taqqabija	sg - f - none
żekżik	coll - m - none
indikazzjoni	sg - f - none
ġenetika	sg - f - none
tiblis	sg - m - none
tidwir	sg - m - none
tfajla	sg - f - none
sogħbiena	pl - none - none
opri	pl - f - none
tlenbiba	sg - f - none
gastri	pl - none - none
similaritajiet	pl - f - none
voluntiera	pl - none - none
dejjiqin	pl - none - none
ħosbiena	sg - f - none
tisriġ	sg - m - none
sarma	sg - f - none
ċekkinin	pl - none - none
beżżieli	sg - m - none
ġelbina	sg - f - none
appoġġ	sg - m - none
taqliba	sg - f - none
tiżjin	sg - m - none
tislita	sg - f - none
posittivi	pl - none - none
tbalbil	sg - m - none
kumplament	sg - m - none
tigra	sg - f - none
tqaddida	sg - f - none
saltniet	pl - none - none
neħħejja	sg - f - none
kunsilli	pl - m - none
galluni	pl - none - none
gdim	sg - m - none
bewwilin	pl - none - none
baqbiqin	pl - none - none
vavu	sg - m - none
pullman	sg - m - none
safja	sg - f - none
ħaxlifin	pl - none - none
tpespisa	sg - f - none
Għarbi	sg - m - none
tajjarija	sg - f - none
darrabi	sg - m - none
qanfuda	none - f - none
mistoqsija	sg - f - none
karitajiet	pl - f - none
kittiefi	sg - m - none
kaħħal	sg - m - none
titwir	sg - m - none
suspettata	sg - f - none
kisriet	pl - none - none
niggieża	sg - f - none
felliħin	pl - none - none
arrestati	pl - none - none
tnassir	sg - m - none
djalett	sg - m - none
vaguni	pl - none - none
tamrija	pl - none - none
tnewwil	sg - m - none
lwien	pl - none - none
tisħina	sg - f - none
qala'	sg - f - none
piegi	pl - none - none
debbieħ	sg - m - none
qtajriet	pl - none - none
tellieqa	sg - f - none
ħurħara	sg - f - none
kemmun	coll - m - none
ħoġor	sg - m - none
gawwi	coll - none - none
tifdiliet	pl - none - none
ħallimin	pl - none - none
kantaliena	sg - f - none
ragħdiet	pl - f - none
geġwiġija	sg - f - none
karwatin	pl - none - none
tnegħiġ	sg - m - none
ċaċċarata	sg - f - none
tifjid	sg - m - none
kejjinin	pl - none - none
awrina	sg - f - none
sottoklassi	sg - f - none
baqta	sg - f - none
tislima	sg - f - none
tamliet	pl - none - none
boloq	pl - none - none
ħsil	sg - m - none
selezzjonijiet	pl - f - none
tilgħiq	sg - m - none
sriħa	sg - f - none
ħedfowns	pl - none - none
qliezet	pl - none - none
ċiprijotti	pl - none - none
kaħħali	sg - m - none
teħlifa	sg - f - none
tisbiħa	sg - f - none
trejqiet	pl - none - none
partners	pl - m - none
tpaħpiħa	sg - f - none
maqmiqija	pl - none - none
dehhies	sg - m - none
gawdjuża	sg - f - none
stordut	sg - m - none
artikoli	pl - m - none
rgħiba	sg - f - none
felfel	coll - m - none
kefrin	pl - none - none
dritt	sg - m - none
zappapin	pl - none - none
laħmija	sg - f - none
tamiet	pl - none - none
attiva	sg - f - none
żabbarin	pl - none - none
ħsada	sg - f - none
benedittin	sg - m - none
riġlejn	none - m - none
landierin	pl - none - none
qarra	sg - f - none
rikki	pl - none - none
kriterju	sg - m - none
paħpaħija	pl - none - none
twarrib	sg - m - none
ġnejbiet	pl - none - none
mqajjat	sg - m - diminutive
sewwieqa	pl - none - none
mtieraq	pl - none - none
tikrima	sg - f - none
selħiet	pl - none - none
żegħil	sg - m - none
ġeneriku	sg - m - none
tkerċiħa	sg - f - none
naħli	sg - m - none
għażżenin	pl - none - none
tewwieki	sg - m - none
smum	pl - none - none
ruħ	sg - f - none
ballata	sg - f - none
mżejtnin	pl - none - none
tħażżin	sg - m - none
neżżiegħi	sg - m - none
qfajjes	sg - m - none
mċemplin	pl - none - none
elettrika	sg - f - none
sniener	pl - none - none
veloċitajiet	pl - f - none
imgħaxijiet	pl - none - none
darrejjin	pl - none - none
bennija	sg - f - none
assistita	sg - f - none
driegħ	sg - m - none
stejxiners	pl - none - none
gergieri	sg - m - none
għajnbaqriet	pl - none - none
sebħa	sg - f - none
perikoluża	sg - f - none
ħażżieqa	sg - f - none
tmimija	pl - none - none
minuti	pl - f - none
odji	pl - none - none
oħbra	pl - none - none
tbaqiq	sg - m - none
sellieħa	sg - f - none
kronaki	pl - none - none
tmeddija	sg - f - none
żerriegħa	sg - f - none
ġurnalistiku	sg - m - none
ġarraba	sg - f - none
sawwafa	sg - f - none
endemiku	sg - m - none
tagħtiq	sg - m - none
meżmież	sg - m - none
kroat	sg - m - none
kampnari	pl - m - none
glorjuż	sg - m - none
temtumin	pl - none - none
qejjiemi	sg - m - none
venvinija	sg - f - none
ċerti	pl - none - none
tħabbita	sg - f - none
azzar	sg - m - none
ġeografija	sg - f - none
xaqquf	coll - m - none
sejħiet	pl - none - none
idna	none - none - comparative
tagħbir	sg - m - none
sardin	coll - none - none
dilettanta	sg - f - none
għaxqa	sg - f - none
żewġejn	dl - none - none
avvanzi	pl - m - none
parroċċi	pl - none - none
permessi	pl - m - none
mustaċċi	pl - none - none
dagħdiegħi	sg - m - none
twassil	sg - m - none
tiksir	sg - m - none
tqanqil	coll - m - none
mirkub	sg - m - none
beżbiżija	sg - f - none
kampnar	sg - m - none
farġiet	pl - none - none
passati	pl - none - none
wettiqin	pl - none - none
farrakin	pl - none - none
dewwiqin	pl - none - none
saddieda	sg - f - none
triemi	pl - none - none
pożata	sg - f - none
tinkit	sg - m - none
twerrixa	sg - f - none
timjil	sg - m - none
benninin	pl - none - none
stejġis	pl - none - none
falsifikazzjoni	sg - f - none
prinċipjant	sg - m - none
komposti	pl - none - none
migrież	sg - m - none
waħħaxija	pl - none - none
qalligħat	pl - none - none
ħarribin	pl - none - none
sbejjaħ	sg - m - none
tislit	sg - m - none
pubblika	sg - f - none
konvinti	pl - none - none
felħa	sg - f - none
tiben	coll - m - none
qarrasa	sg - f - none
qaħbunazzi	pl - none - none
kerċuħ	sg - m - none
tfewwiq	sg - m - none
idhra	pl - none - none
dewm	sg - m - none
maħtiet	pl - none - none
tlugħija	pl - none - none
ġiddimin	pl - none - none
kraten	pl - none - none
loġoġ	pl - none - none
rdigħ	sg - m - none
saffajja	sg - f - none
tiljiet	pl - none - none
taqqabin	pl - none - none
ġonġitur	sg - m - none
mowtorbowts	pl - none - none
żebbilija	sg - f - none
kutrumbajsa	sg - f - none
taqdiba	sg - f - none
fawwarija	sg - f - none
baħħara	sg - f - none
dijarea	sg - f - none
spjegazzjoni	sg - f - none
esebitura	sg - f - none
tqalfit	coll - m - none
dagħdigħa	sg - f - none
innovazzjoni	sg - f - none
mtira	sg - f - none
isdra	pl - none - none
l-istess	sg - f - none
żiemli	sg - m - none
filarmoniċi	pl - none - none
ċaħħadin	pl - none - none
enċiklopediku	sg - m - none
parteċipant	sg - m - none
problematika	sg - f - none
użufruttwarji	pl - none - none
petpitija	sg - f - none
dejodorant	sg - m - none
għazz	coll - none - none
suffissi	pl - m - none
ġenerati	pl - none - none
ksiba	sg - f - none
edukatur	sg - m - none
werwier	sg - m - none
taħwira	sg - f - none
qassarija	sg - f - none
bajtruwa	sg - f - none
ċawliet	pl - none - none
risiver	sg - m - none
megħirija	sg - f - none
lamtu	sg - m - none
tnemmila	sg - f - none
żejda	pl - none - none
tifqira	sg - f - none
ħamrija	sg - f - none
għażż	sg - m - none
tħażżiża	sg - f - none
bqit	sg - m - none
ġenetiku	sg - m - none
ferħ	sg - m - none
gabubi	pl - none - none
rumana	sg - f - none
twaqwiq	coll - m - none
ħeġġieġa	sg - f - none
ġenerazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
iqfla	pl - none - none
saffaj	sg - m - none
siġġu	sg - m - none
tmermir	sg - m - none
taħlila	sg - f - none
ġenitur	sg - f - none
sabra	sg - f - none
mluħat	pl - none - none
ġwież	sg - m - none
faċċola	sg - f - none
ħawwarin	pl - none - none
punt	sg - m - none
tetu	sg - m - none
tnajjira	sg - f - none
fixkila	sg - f - none
ċawlun	sg - m - none
ħażżiena	sg - f - none
xemniqa	sg - f - none
ulċeri	pl - none - none
tibwil	sg - m - none
qassat	sg - m - none
dehbijiet	pl - none - none
kilometru	sg - m - none
ħeġġimin	pl - none - none
urejqiet	pl - none - none
awtista	sg - none - none
sawwimija	sg - f - none
preżenti	none - none - none
tibka	sg - f - none
ġemmidin	pl - none - none
naffad	sg - m - none
sħabiet	pl - none - none
kaħlanija	sg - f - none
żagħgħara	pl - none - none
tradotta	sg - f - none
spiritwali	none - none - none
ġarradin	pl - none - none
vjolazzjoni	sg - f - none
grammatiki	pl - none - none
tgerbiġ	sg - m - none
tronijiet	pl - none - none
park	sg - m - none
drinks	pl - none - none
manetti	pl - none - none
twaddib	sg - m - none
kranju	sg - m - none
laqxin	pl - none - none
sebbilija	sg - f - none
theddida	sg - f - none
sibi	sg - m - none
tħatir	sg - m - none
ħruġ	sg - m - none
kiwja	sg - f - none
kħulija	sg - f - none
opinjoni	sg - f - none
tisħir	sg - m - none
sammamin	pl - none - none
inklinat	sg - m - none
għadar	sg - m - none
lukkett	sg - m - none
biża	sg - none - none
ħarrifin	pl - none - none
żebliħija	pl - none - none
dgħufija	sg - f - none
orfnijiet	pl - none - none
sammatin	pl - none - none
serja	sg - f - none
tektikiet	pl - none - none
londris	pl - none - none
timgħida	sg - f - none
mawriet	pl - none - none
nebbixin	pl - none - none
bagħlunazz	sg - m - none
kummerċjali	none - none - none
daħħak	sg - m - none
niżżilija	pl - none - none
saħħtejn	dl - none - none
taqligħ	sg - m - none
tiċpisiet	pl - none - none
organizzati	pl - none - none
ħaffief	sg - m - none
ħaxmiet	pl - none - none
logħba	sg - f - none
kontenut	sg - m - none
temperamenti	pl - none - none
djarju	sg - m - none
mqajjem	sg - m - none
herriżin	pl - none - none
ħemda	sg - f - none
sajra	sg - f - none
kolonni	pl - none - none
fejqa	sg - f - none
barma	sg - f - none
turija	sg - f - none
bajda	sg - f - none
karwatija	sg - f - none
qallibin	pl - none - none
mikjel	sg - m - none
ċuqlajti	pl - none - none
barbun	sg - m - none
kupritura	sg - f - none
mustardi	pl - none - none
qerd	sg - m - none
beżgħa	sg - f - none
żmagati	pl - none - none
difensiva	sg - f - none
tħannika	sg - f - none
sospiżi	pl - none - none
tbeżlika	sg - f - none
voluntiera	sg - f - none
istudju	sg - m - none
pittriċi	sg - f - none
ġwief	pl - none - none
tilħiqa	sg - f - none
bettieħ	coll - none - none
żerżieq	sg - m - none
unjoni	sg - f - none
qalligħin	pl - none - none
tnejjika	sg - f - none
theddid	sg - m - none
newwieba	sg - f - none
mistiċi	pl - none - none
żrażar	pl - none - none
ċerċir	coll - m - none
wiċċinija	pl - none - none
bil-buri	sg - m - none
patri	sg - m - none
naqqari	sg - m - none
bżajriet	pl - none - diminutive
mħatra	sg - f - none
ganċijiet	pl - none - none
tregħib	none - none - none
providenza	sg - f - none
selliem	sg - m - none
qaħħaba	sg - f - none
tlanġisa	sg - f - none
tismir	sg - m - none
istint	sg - m - none
fniedaq	pl - none - none
sponoż	pl - none - none
idjaq	pl - none - comparative
ħami	sg - m - none
Skoċċiż	sg - m - none
qarwież	sg - m - none
bajtri	sg - m - none
renti	pl - none - none
ħdil	sg - m - none
sakranazz	sg - m - none
tifħira	sg - f - none
loġistiku	sg - m - none
sensilija	sg - f - none
skrivani	pl - none - none
maħnuqin	pl - none - none
nasbiet	pl - none - none
għamieq	sg - m - none
tkużijiet	pl - none - none
taqtir	sg - m - none
għarwiena	sg - f - none
dewwejja	sg - f - none
laqlieqa	pl - none - none
liturġika	sg - f - none
dollari	pl - none - none
trix	sg - m - none
tagħwis	sg - m - none
tnibbit	none - none - none
qarħa	sg - f - none
miġja	sg - f - none
dehna	sg - f - none
delinkwenta	sg - f - none
pedagoġika	sg - f - none
żwejmla	sg - f - none
ċajpari	sg - m - none
waħħada	pl - none - none
wekkejja	sg - f - none
rivoluzzjonijiet	pl - f - none
amministrazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
dikjarazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
mekkaniks	pl - none - none
wiċċa	sg - f - none
nazzjonalisti	pl - m - none
dwejjaq	sg - m - none
żejjiena	sg - f - none
difetti	pl - m - none
tibliha	sg - f - none
tiżġiġ	sg - m - none
ċertifikat	sg - m - none
Feniċji	pl - m - none
ħakkimin	pl - none - none
tipjip	sg - m - none
sagħtrija	sg - f - none
warrabija	sg - f - none
ġurnalista	sg - f - none
qanfieda	pl - none - none
qoħot	none - none - none
nixxuf	sg - m - none
Kattoliċi	pl - m - none
flieli	pl - none - none
waħwiħija	pl - none - none
tiftila	sg - f - none
soldi	pl - none - none
qaddejja	sg - f - none
lezzjonijiet	pl - f - none
paxu	sg - m - none
sejjiesa	pl - none - none
intrati	pl - none - none
brigant	sg - m - none
tbissimiet	pl - none - none
likur	sg - m - none
ġelbien	sg - m - none
sensilija	pl - none - none
awditu	sg - m - none
tempijiet	pl - none - none
tħakkika	sg - f - none
kobor	pl - none - none
bagalja	sg - f - none
ammont	sg - m - none
taħxin	sg - m - none
għalliema	pl - m - none
xkupilja	sg - f - none
tmellisa	sg - f - none
pixxispad	sg - m - none
sriħana	sg - f - none
mandolina	sg - f - none
żahra	sg - f - none
ħarriesa	sg - none - none
serpi	sg - m - none
perit	sg - m - none
taħtninija	sg - f - none
minżel	sg - m - mimated
massiv	sg - m - none
dhubija	sg - f - none
vittmi	pl - f - none
titpip	sg - m - none
tvenvina	sg - f - none
rixtiela	sg - f - none
qarrigħin	pl - none - none
realistiku	sg - m - none
fiduċja	sg - f - none
ħsisa	sg - f - diminutive
tgawdija	sg - f - none
wardija	sg - f - none
ansjetà	sg - f - none
tiżwiqa	sg - f - none
tiżnina	sg - f - none
gawdenti	pl - none - none
summiniet	pl - none - none
bandla	sg - f - none
baħbuħa	sg - f - none
twemmina	sg - f - none
delli	sg - m - none
ħassada	sg - f - none
żġiġin	pl - none - none
liwi	sg - m - none
lehbiet	pl - none - none
viċin	sg - m - none
luminata	sg - f - none
gibdiet	pl - f - none
punent	sg - m - none
tqarrijiet	pl - none - none
bikri	sg - m - none
maġija	sg - f - none
ingast	sg - m - none
giddimija	sg - f - none
tibqiqa	sg - f - none
bassarija	sg - f - none
kumpliment	sg - m - none
ħanxara	sg - f - none
kontemporanji	pl - none - none
kavitajiet	pl - none - none
bulibif	sg - m - none
frawla	sg - f - none
diskorsi	pl - m - none
tfessiq	sg - m - none
forniment	sg - m - none
żarmuġ	sg - m - none
qażżiżin	pl - none - none
kietja	sg - f - none
suġġettiva	sg - f - none
dagħdiegħa	sg - f - none
belbieli	sg - m - none
benedittina	sg - f - none
xufier	sg - m - none
ħaxximin	pl - none - none
ħarrarin	pl - none - none
ħuta	sg - f - none
kmand	sg - m - none
xerqat	pl - none - none
renta	sg - f - none
televixins	pl - m - none
tkittina	sg - f - none
lablaba	pl - none - none
saffara	sg - f - none
wiċċinija	sg - f - none
qarnitiet	pl - none - none
bassasin	pl - none - none
kamroti	pl - none - none
tnewwima	sg - f - none
infernijiet	pl - none - none
ċirku	sg - m - none
konferenzi	pl - f - none
dagħmin	pl - none - none
riflessa	sg - f - none
żġieġa	sg - f - none
zappunar	sg - m - none
riċevuti	pl - none - none
pastażalja	sg - f - none
skandlu	sg - m - none
nattiv	sg - m - none
fanfri	pl - none - none
għarqana	pl - none - none
ferq	sg - m - none
dxixiet	pl - none - none
diffuż	sg - m - none
presidenti	pl - m - none
kampjonat	sg - m - none
taħkim	sg - m - none
newtonjana	sg - f - none
tajer	sg - m - none
spirtu	sg - m - none
tkejjil	sg - m - none
biegħa	sg - f - none
giddibun	sg - m - none
ħanniex	sg - m - none
tqarrima	sg - f - none
serpiet	pl - none - none
afrikani	pl - none - none
mustada	sg - f - none
kardijaka	sg - f - none
xħiħa	sg - f - none
tkittin	sg - m - none
ġebbilija	sg - f - none
tiżrida	sg - f - none
kerċuħa	pl - none - none
rettur	sg - m - none
tixjir	coll - m - none
sellieta	sg - f - none
dewwiema	sg - f - none
aspett	sg - m - none
fewwieqi	sg - m - none
keff	sg - m - none
awtokratika	sg - f - none
ram	sg - m - none
analizzati	pl - none - none
mustaċċun	pl - none - none
trijonfaliżmu	sg - m - none
sattara	pl - none - none
tbarriġ	sg - m - none
tektukija	pl - none - none
kurkariet	pl - none - none
bassas	sg - m - none
ħabbejjin	pl - none - none
merħa	sg - f - none
ġeografika	sg - f - none
esegwit	sg - m - none
sikkitin	pl - none - none
fsejqija	sg - f - diminutive
tpaxpix	coll - m - none
usil	sg - m - none
sadida	sg - f - none
awtobijografiċi	pl - none - none
sawwata	pl - none - none
muta	sg - f - none
tellieq	sg - m - none
semmimin	pl - none - none
mewġija	sg - f - none
mqit	sg - m - none
firda	sg - f - none
bastiment	sg - m - none
fjuri	pl - f - none
rappreżentazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
sqalli	sg - m - none
laqmijiet	pl - none - none
Nofsinhar	sg - m - none
għadajra	sg - f - diminutive
raskar	sg - m - none
fejjidin	pl - none - none
bewwisiet	pl - none - none
qaxxara	pl - none - none
lampi	pl - none - none
maqmiqija	sg - f - none
assenzi	pl - f - none
ċkejkun	sg - m - none
matnazzi	pl - none - none
maturità	sg - f - none
għallqa	sg - f - none
kundizzjonijiet	pl - none - none
fiżika	sg - f - none
qejjisin	pl - none - none
tagħdir	sg - m - none
ġennieba	sg - f - none
mostru	sg - m - none
seqri	sg - m - none
manjetika	sg - f - none
ħaddarija	sg - f - none
sattarin	pl - none - none
armen	sg - m - none
barważa	sg - f - none
ħalliemi	sg - m - none
fuħħar	sg - m - none
arkeoloġika	sg - f - none
bergamiża	sg - f - none
qaxxara	sg - f - none
dakar	sg - m - none
tettlus	none - m - none
tweġibiet	pl - f - none
teftif	sg - m - none
tnassiba	sg - f - none
fdata	sg - f - none
naħnuħa	sg - f - none
akkwistat	sg - m - none
xampanja	sg - f - none
żawwala	pl - none - none
qatgħat	pl - none - none
sawwabin	pl - none - none
dixxijiet	pl - none - none
ħaddieda	pl - none - none
ħaffifiet	pl - none - none
nebħ	none - none - none
ġerħa	sg - f - none
moħba	sg - m - none
nutara	pl - none - none
stuħ	pl - none - none
farrak	sg - m - none
tħaxħix	sg - m - none
żammejja	pl - none - none
gedwidija	sg - f - none
tibnijiet	pl - none - none
ċinet	pl - none - none
kennija	sg - f - none
ħsara	sg - f - none
Mediterran	sg - m - none
wasaltajn	dl - none - none
waranofsinhari	pl - none - none
kattarin	pl - none - none
laburist	sg - m - none
tfixkil	sg - m - none
żeblieħi	sg - m - none
inkwiet	sg - m - none
tiżbir	sg - m - none
proklamati	pl - none - none
bassarin	pl - none - none
trejħiet	pl - none - none
pasparija	sg - f - none
żeffieta	pl - none - none
tqaħħit	sg - m - none
raħlija	sg - f - none
ċarċira	sg - f - none
ġamar	coll - none - none
orfni	sg - f - none
tlegħiqa	sg - f - none
trajjef	sg - m - none
previsti	pl - none - none
nejkiet	pl - none - none
ħaddilija	sg - f - none
żnażan	pl - none - none
għodod	pl - none - none
xibka	sg - f - none
prestazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
xirqin	pl - none - none
sekkikija	sg - f - none
tipika	sg - f - none
ksuri	sg - m - none
mġienen	pl - none - none
ġejjibija	sg - f - none
funtana	sg - f - none
ikklassifikata	sg - f - none
fakultà	sg - f - none
bnien	pl - none - none
traġiċi	pl - none - none
laxki	pl - none - none
komplementarja	sg - f - none
tleħħin	sg - m - none
bżiebeż	pl - none - none
sellimin	pl - none - none
albaniżi	pl - none - none
ħatriet	pl - none - none
ħassad	sg - m - none
radjatur	sg - m - none
eremiti	pl - none - none
kwiekeb	pl - none - none
waqwiqin	pl - none - none
tinwina	sg - f - none
germieda	sg - f - none
bergħinin	pl - none - none
qatgħana	pl - none - none
xaba	sg - m - none
fellies	sg - m - none
ramliet	pl - none - none
ħettufa	sg - f - none
peċpuċa	sg - f - none
buta	sg - f - none
liġi	sg - f - none
niġġiesa	pl - none - none
baxxar	sg - m - none
mħat	sg - m - none
kefniet	pl - none - none
skollijiet	pl - none - none
tigżiż	sg - m - none
tewmija	pl - none - none
preżentaturi	pl - m - none
mirdumin	pl - none - none
tamal	coll - none - none
tejpijiet	pl - none - none
muntanja	sg - f - none
saħtiet	pl - none - none
konsumaturi	pl - m - none
ħuttafiet	pl - none - none
żembieħa	sg - f - none
gerbieba	sg - f - none
mseqqrin	pl - none - none
foresti	pl - none - none
sinjur	sg - m - none
burokratiku	sg - m - none
sebbieq	sg - m - none
taħtira	sg - f - none
tidmim	sg - m - none
tibjit	sg - m - none
tertir	coll - m - none
baħbiħija	sg - f - none
twettiq	sg - m - none
mweġġgħin	pl - none - none
tbelbila	sg - f - none
msemmijin	pl - none - none
għaqal	sg - m - none
xeblikin	pl - none - none
riprodott	sg - m - none
kolja	sg - f - none
demmiela	sg - f - none
simetrija	sg - f - none
suppożitorju	sg - m - none
niġġisija	sg - f - none
karozzi	pl - f - none
ferfixin	pl - none - none
tidmisa	sg - f - none
tradiment	sg - m - none
tribù	sg - m - none
belliela	sg - f - none
dehixija	sg - f - none
fellilin	pl - none - none
żammara	sg - f - none
kapotti	pl - none - none
radikaliżmu	sg - m - none
f'saħħithom	pl - none - none
ħireb	pl - none - none
tertux	sg - m - none
mitħna	sg - f - none
tbexxiq	sg - m - none
aġenziji	pl - none - none
qfejfiet	pl - none - none
moqżiżin	pl - none - none
sekwenzi	pl - f - none
pariġina	sg - f - none
vagabondi	pl - none - none
romboll	sg - m - none
xenxiel	sg - m - none
skrapel	pl - none - none
dritta	sg - f - none
imminenti	pl - none - none
lokomozjonijiet	pl - f - none
tisfira	sg - f - none
wassigħin	pl - none - none
barmiet	pl - none - none
rhieb	pl - none - none
urieden	pl - none - none
turisti	pl - m - none
demokratiku	sg - m - none
rikba	sg - f - none
figurattivi	pl - none - none
profonda	sg - f - none
idejn	pl - f - none
mużqaqa	sg - f - none
dwejda	sg - f - none
ċpapel	pl - none - none
karwati	sg - m - none
ħomor	pl - none - none
naqniqin	pl - none - none
gerbibin	pl - none - none
qaffilin	pl - none - none
saħħabi	sg - m - none
webbilin	pl - none - none
faħħamija	sg - f - none
tfittxija	sg - f - none
tħaffif	sg - m - none
armel	sg - m - none
verġni	pl - none - none
poxtija	sg - f - none
saborri	pl - none - none
tisqifa	sg - f - none
trasporti	pl - m - none
ġenwini	pl - none - none
ħaxu	sg - m - none
xrieraq	pl - none - none
opportunità	sg - f - none
nemmisin	pl - none - none
labirint	sg - m - none
temmiegħi	sg - m - none
tornavit	sg - m - none
tisnina	sg - f - none
niddejja	sg - f - none
voluntieri	pl - none - none
twettiqa	sg - f - none
ragħada	sg - m - none
ħasba	sg - f - none
ħawwief	sg - m - none
attriċi	sg - f - none
mitbugħa	pl - none - none
sabbarija	sg - f - none
manjieri	pl - none - none
tibrix	sg - m - none
taljan	sg - m - none
tuba	sg - f - none
kitarri	pl - none - none
meċliqija	sg - f - none
landier	sg - m - none
ħanxul	sg - m - none
kollezzjonijiet	pl - f - none
misdudin	pl - none - none
koxxa	sg - f - none
tamim	sg - m - none
żellimija	pl - none - none
sebbiħin	pl - none - none
werdieni	sg - m - none
espost	sg - m - none
ħannikija	sg - f - none
truxa	sg - f - none
inutli	sg - f - none
emmien	sg - m - none
mqawel	pl - none - none
żeffien	sg - m - none
fanns	pl - none - none
sirjani	pl - none - none
ċaqċiqa	sg - f - none
qandlija	pl - none - none
xewliħija	pl - none - none
ħarħara	sg - f - none
ċaħħadija	sg - f - none
ħamrija	sg - f - none
riċerka	sg - f - none
tmekkiħ	sg - m - none
kandiletti	pl - none - none
konkatidrali	pl - m - none
femminili	sg - none - none
tagħrix	sg - m - none
werżiqin	pl - none - none
waqqigħija	sg - f - none
qaċċatija	pl - none - none
reazzjoni	sg - f - none
ħattari	sg - m - none
xenxieli	sg - m - none
venezjan	sg - m - none
ħarbiex	sg - m - none
belliegħa	sg - f - none
labbarin	pl - none - none
baliena	sg - f - none
albaniż	sg - m - none
temtuma	sg - f - none
żerrigħija	sg - f - none
gallerija	sg - f - none
gawdjuż	sg - m - none
sottomarin	sg - m - none
pufta	sg - m - none
tamri	sg - m - none
adapters	pl - none - none
ekonomiċi	pl - none - none
tqassisa	sg - f - none
tħattit	none - none - none
tislib	sg - m - none
tilwita	sg - f - none
noqba	sg - f - none
ħżejjen	sg - m - diminutive
witat	pl - none - none
bnadar	pl - none - none
parking	sg - m - none
bażijiet	pl - m - none
klejba	sg - f - none
rgħib	sg - m - none
saffara	pl - none - none
flett	sg - m - none
tħajjira	sg - f - none
wasl	sg - m - none
monastika	sg - f - none
timwisa	sg - f - none
loġġa	sg - f - none
pappagalli	pl - none - none
tixrid	sg - m - none
ħattiet	sg - m - none
tirreferiex	none - none - none
tħattim	sg - m - none
qaċċata	pl - none - none
żegliega	sg - f - none
tellifin	pl - none - none
kanċer	sg - m - none
diverġenza	sg - f - none
neffiħija	none - f - none
similarità	sg - f - none
patt	sg - m - none
differenza	sg - f - none
devozzjoni	sg - f - none
trixtil	sg - m - none
meetings	pl - m - none
twavel	pl - none - none
qsusija	sg - f - none
riveduti	pl - none - none
qarrasa	pl - none - none
maħkuma	sg - f - none
fonqla	sg - f - none
sefja	sg - f - none
kuntenta	sg - f - none
qwejjel	pl - none - none
evoluttivi	pl - none - none
armoniċi	pl - none - none
strett	sg - m - none
għaqlija	sg - f - none
benna	sg - f - none
appartamenti	pl - m - none
tagħlim	sg - m - none
żerriegħ	sg - m - none
asfalt	sg - m - none
ħlieqa	sg - f - none
għalfa	sg - f - none
mqadef	pl - none - none
avviż	sg - m - none
tgħajjira	sg - f - none
tikjiba	sg - f - none
qaddiem	sg - m - none
taħdin	sg - m - none
luċifru	sg - m - none
superjuri	pl - none - none
mgħajża	sg - f - none
troti	pl - none - none
armla	sg - f - none
Żejtunija	sg - f - none
mwieżen	pl - none - none
trażżin	sg - m - none
sħajħa	pl - none - none
midjunin	pl - none - none
dokkiena	sg - f - none
ifirxa	pl - none - none
mirfusin	pl - none - none
ġibda	sg - f - none
boton	sg - m - none
tip	sg - m - none
jassarin	pl - none - none
tagħniet	pl - none - none
tikxif	sg - m - none
tegħjiba	sg - f - none
kessiħin	pl - none - none
ħalja	sg - f - none
ċista	sg - f - none
sonniferi	pl - none - none
inserit	sg - m - none
ħart	sg - m - none
ħsib	sg - m - none
rikonoxxut	sg - m - none
sarima	sg - f - none
astroloġiċi	pl - none - none
twaħħix	sg - m - none
supermarkit	sg - m - none
dudejn	dl - none - none
sajd	sg - m - none
tarrafija	pl - none - none
qarbiet	pl - none - none
qronfla	sg - f - none
xaqqufa	sg - f - none
desks	pl - none - none
mrieda	pl - none - none
mgħaxxin	pl - none - none
mattal	sg - m - none
djar	pl - none - none
ħajtiet	pl - none - none
tpastiża	sg - f - none
petpit	sg - m - none
reġistrazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
taħsil	sg - m - none
komdu	sg - m - none
qruna	sg - f - none
magħmudija	sg - f - none
żluqi	sg - m - none
suppapa	sg - f - none
frejgħen	sg - m - diminutive
suppożitorji	pl - none - none
irlandiżi	pl - none - none
safra	sg - f - none
dejjiemi	sg - m - none
taħrif	sg - m - none
saqqafin	pl - none - none
timħita	sg - f - none
tlitin	pl - none - none
wiesgħa	sg - f - none
ferfuri	sg - m - none
ibhem	sg - m - none
twiddiba	sg - f - none
żebbuġija	pl - none - none
tebqa	sg - f - none
bjondi	pl - none - none
umbrelel	pl - none - none
pellegrini	pl - none - none
laħħaqi	sg - m - none
qasdira	sg - f - none
mollijiet	pl - none - none
bexkilin	pl - none - none
fellisin	pl - none - none
dożi	pl - none - none
nofsijiet	pl - m - none
tiġwiħa	sg - f - none
stupidi	pl - none - none
xxamplata	sg - f - none
naqqajjin	pl - none - none
għali	none - none - none
maxxata	sg - f - none
priġunier	sg - m - none
tqajjira	sg - f - none
farmaċewtika	sg - f - none
dawwarin	pl - none - none
għall-għarrieda	none - none - none
tank	sg - m - none
sanzjonata	sg - f - none
srejbet	sg - m - none
ġuriji	pl - f - none
ekwazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
valangi	pl - none - none
seksiefa	sg - f - none
tagħqib	sg - m - none
ħażżien	sg - m - none
sinjal	sg - m - none
fettiqin	pl - none - none
ġemmidin 	pl - none - none
anestetiċi	pl - none - none
mlebilbin	pl - none - none
kelbunazzi	pl - none - none
assenza	sg - f - none
mtieben	pl - none - none
tisriħa	sg - f - none
dubbiniet	pl - none - none
żengieli	sg - m - none
tiġriħa	sg - f - none
gaffa	sg - f - none
xandara	pl - none - none
tlugħin	pl - none - none
bjuda	sg - f - none
tajprajter	sg - f - none
wiżeż	pl - none - none
tallabija	pl - none - none
dawwala	sg - f - none
qarċilla	sg - f - none
faddalin	pl - none - none
fewwieġa	sg - f - none
kożmika	sg - f - none
mfieraq	pl - none - none
keffinija	sg - f - none
ġurijiet	pl - none - none
mgħolli	sg - m - none
vaganzi	pl - none - none
pijunieri	pl - none - none
banek	pl - none - none
tħaxxix	sg - m - none
debbieħa	sg - f - none
bażwarija	sg - f - none
għafja	sg - f - none
dehhien	sg - m - none
ħżin	sg - m - none
taħriġiet	pl - none - none
tagħliq	sg - m - none
sqaqien	pl - none - none
gabbana	sg - f - none
tnemmis	sg - m - none
qejjimija	pl - none - none
brittaniku	sg - m - none
faċċoli	pl - none - none
skeletri	pl - none - none
radikaliżmi	pl - m - none
attiva	sg - f - none
ħajna	sg - f - none
perkussjoni	sg - f - none
pespisija	sg - f - none
antibijotiċi	pl - none - none
vjolenti	pl - none - none
ħaxħiex	sg - m - none
melħ	sg - m - none
sammara	pl - none - none
għeżież	pl - none - none
mallut	sg - m - none
qżużija	sg - f - none
seksieki	sg - m - none
mawra	sg - f - none
magħżul	sg - m - none
ħluq	pl - none - none
nfiħ	sg - m - none
ħarratija	sg - f - none
nefħiet	pl - none - none
wassiegħa	sg - f - none
invidja	sg - f - none
misqa	sg - f - none
bassara	sg - f - none
tħemmila	sg - f - none
iżraeljana	sg - f - none
pastażuna	sg - f - none
informazzjonijiet	pl - none - none
repubblika	sg - f - none
provduta	sg - f - none
tiswid	sg - m - none
qallatin	pl - none - none
kewwiesa	sg - f - none
fqir	sg - m - none
edukazzjoni	sg - f - none
wettieqa	sg - f - none
qattana	pl - none - none
ikkonċentrat	sg - m - none
tbermiċa	sg - f - none
fjammingu	sg - m - none
gerruma	sg - f - none
misdud	sg - m - none
tmengħil	coll - m - none
lehbien	sg - m - none
tbaħnina	sg - f - none
babawijiet	pl - none - none
luteran	sg - m - none
saltnija	pl - none - none
sakkarin	pl - none - none
arroganza	sg - f - none
arterja	sg - f - none
waqfiet	pl - none - none
Qormija	sg - f - none
dritt	sg - m - none
amir	sg - m - none
qdajjem	coll - m - none
ħbubi	sg - m - none
qarriema	sg - f - none
tidmila	sg - f - none
operetti	pl - f - none
tbagħbis	sg - m - none
qdumijiet	pl - none - none
kopertini	pl - none - none
protestant	sg - m - none
densitajiet	pl - f - none
mutjana	sg - f - none
dexxiex	sg - m - none
battiti	pl - none - none
fejqan	sg - m - none
twaqqif	sg - m - none
żibdi	sg - m - none
saħa	none - none - none
barriera	sg - f - none
ġolġol	sg - m - none
blejbla	sg - f - diminutive
kefrija	sg - f - none
kpapen	pl - none - none
xandara	sg - f - none
traġiku	sg - m - none
sellieħi	sg - m - none
faċċati	pl - none - none
għaqreb	sg - m - none
tiżbira	sg - f - none
sefgħa	none - f - none
mekkikija	sg - f - none
faħxin	pl - none - none
gwardjani	pl - m - none
sanniena	sg - f - none
Grigal	sg - m - none
ħalla	sg - f - none
warrabin	pl - none - none
waħidha	sg - f - none
misħuta	pl - none - none
bqajriet	pl - none - none
żerżieqi	sg - m - none
ferriegħa	sg - f - none
ġennata	sg - f - none
storja	sg - f - none
kappella	sg - f - none
salvaturi	pl - none - none
telegrammi	pl - none - none
lifgħat	pl - none - none
msarsrin	pl - none - none
fellieka	sg - f - none
barkun	sg - m - none
slovena	sg - f - none
għamżiet	pl - none - none
palk	sg - m - none
veru	sg - m - none
tisfifa	sg - f - none
textuxa	sg - f - none
moħġaġa	sg - f - none
nasba	sg - f - none
mannasin	pl - none - none
saqqajjin	pl - none - none
deterministiċi	pl - none - none
taħrib	sg - m - none
ħarr	sg - m - none
tqanqila	sg - f - none
tqassis	sg - m - none
waqgħa	sg - f - none
baltiku	sg - m - none
textiexi	sg - m - none
mnieten	pl - none - none
xandar	sg - m - none
dbieben	pl - none - none
attivat	sg - m - none
ferċuħ	sg - m - none
prominenti	sg - m - none
arkeoloġiċi	pl - none - none
pittura	sg - f - none
protettiv	sg - m - none
tmaxtir	sg - m - none
kċejna	sg - f - none
plurali	pl - m - none
ġarba	sg - f - none
ħaffiefi	sg - m - none
tidrira	pl - none - none
tferċiħ	sg - m - none
żarda	sg - f - none
mifraq	sg - m - none
sarbatin	pl - none - none
apparenza	sg - f - none
fawriet	pl - none - none
geddies	sg - m - none
basktijiet	pl - none - none
għajjiel	sg - m - none
skajskrejpers	pl - none - none
maqbar	sg - m - none
sħawi	pl - none - none
ġens	sg - m - none
klinika	sg - f - none
tbikkim	sg - m - none
aġendi	pl - none - none
taħħani	sg - m - none
dabbarija	sg - f - none
berqi	sg - m - none
miżieb	sg - m - none
lampara	sg - f - none
optixins	pl - none - none
ġilwa	sg - f - none
tagħdim	sg - m - none
sħubija	sg - f - none
wati	sg - m - none
mekkaniżmi	pl - m - none
tamar	none - none - none
tammasin	pl - none - none
evanġeliku	sg - m - none
lehbinin	pl - none - none
massiva	sg - f - none
qarsin	pl - none - none
okkażjonijiet	pl - f - none
giren	pl - none - none
petpieti	sg - m - none
kinin	pl - none - none
mistennija	sg - f - none
twajlin	pl - none - none
qatriet	pl - none - none
berrieħa	sg - f - none
wegħdi	pl - none - none
tewwikija	pl - none - none
tfissiriet	pl - none - none
tmerijiet	pl - none - none
mluħija	sg - f - none
galleriji	pl - none - none
nabbej	sg - m - none
speċifika	sg - f - none
samsarija	pl - none - none
sbuħa	sg - f - none
epiku	sg - m - none
attrazzjonijiet	pl - none - none
purtiera	sg - f - none
weġġiegħa	pl - none - none
umoristiċi	pl - none - none
twaqqifa	sg - f - none
naqra	sg - f - none
ħafa	sg - f - none
mibwel	sg - m - none
tferfir	sg - m - none
frugħija	sg - f - none
ġewża	sg - f - none
rank	sg - m - none
slajtniet	pl - none - none
xalati	pl - none - none
dwett	sg - m - none
tonn	sg - m - none
konsegwenza	sg - f - none
teftiefi	sg - m - none
testment	sg - m - none
textixija	pl - none - none
toqlija	sg - f - none
għadd	sg - m - none
attur	sg - m - none
traġedji	pl - f - none
sangita	sg - f - none
vjenniża	sg - f - none
timlis	sg - m - none
possibbli	none - none - none
qanqali	sg - m - none
sadiqa	sg - f - none
tqażżiż	sg - m - none
titħit	sg - m - none
liba	sg - f - none
żelqa	sg - f - none
tarraxija	sg - f - none
qarrad	sg - m - none
laneċ	pl - none - none
pali	pl - none - none
avviżieri	pl - none - none
sikkaturi	pl - none - none
prieper	pl - none - none
bużaqq	none - m - none
saqqu	sg - m - none
folt	sg - m - none
ftajra	sg - f - none
katra	sg - f - none
ġenwin	sg - m - none
baqqiet	pl - none - none
kapriċċi	pl - none - none
fissieri	sg - m - none
sinjuri	pl - none - none
demmin	pl - none - none
tkarwit	coll - m - none
mħata	sg - f - none
mielħa	sg - f - none
tertuxin	pl - none - none
tmien	pl - none - none
mqajtin	pl - none - diminutive
birja	sg - f - none
kumbinazzjoni	sg - f - none
ħolistika	sg - f - none
tbixkila	sg - f - none
faqqiegħa	sg - f - none
waddaba	pl - none - none
xorta	sg - f - none
ekwipaġġi	pl - none - none
sardina	sg - f - none
imponenti	sg - m - none
ferfux	sg - m - none
teokratiċi	pl - none - none
tiswis	sg - m - none
felħanin	pl - none - none
tilkim	sg - m - none
swidija	sg - f - none
ewro	sg - m - none
seqi	none - none - none
kolonna	sg - f - none
immedjata	sg - f - none
mexxejja	pl - none - none
tħaxwix	sg - m - none
semminin	pl - none - none
ksejriet	pl - none - diminutive
marzu	sg - m - none
kburin	pl - none - none
burdellata	sg - f - none
xarba	sg - f - none
limin	pl - none - none
miġwieħa	sg - f - none
antikwarju	sg - m - none
proxxmu	sg - f - none
mġandar	sg - m - none
felfulin	pl - none - none
dagħwa	sg - f - none
qdif	sg - m - none
titpin	sg - m - none
gvernaturi	pl - m - none
prenotazzjoni	sg - f - none
xalel	pl - f - none
kirjiet	pl - none - none
tibjid	sg - m - none
kebbiebi	sg - m - none
ħammilija	sg - f - none
wissejja	pl - none - none
blokka	sg - f - none
qatgħan	sg - m - none
tisfif	sg - m - none
kell	sg - m - none
għabex	sg - m - none
nixxiefa	pl - none - none
kaċċatur	sg - m - none
żnidija	pl - none - none
kuntrattur	sg - m - none
dawwala	sg - f - none
artiku	sg - m - none
tapizzeriji	pl - none - none
ħaxxuna	sg - f - none
kebbiesa	sg - f - none
għedewwa	pl - none - none
pensjoni	sg - f - none
invitat	sg - m - none
taqċit	sg - m - none
ħemmiesa	sg - f - none
kummenti	pl - m - none
żebbiegħ	sg - m - none
qasdara	sg - f - none
qabla	sg - f - none
poloz	pl - none - none
ambizzjuż	sg - m - none
tgħanniqa	sg - f - none
srieġ	pl - none - none
berrieda	sg - f - none
grejpfruts	pl - none - none
keffinin	pl - none - none
wiesgħa	sg - f - none
ħallieb	sg - m - none
midgħija	pl - none - none
għeliem	pl - none - none
qaddifija	sg - f - none
kumditajiet	pl - none - none
titrifa	sg - f - none
ferroviji	pl - none - none
gerwiela	sg - f - none
ajruport	sg - m - none
faġġar	sg - m - none
werżiqija	sg - f - none
għansli	sg - m - none
ħarrieb	sg - m - none
gergirin	pl - none - none
flejjes	pl - none - none
midgħija	sg - f - none
bdiewa	pl - none - none
lastku	sg - m - none
parallela	sg - f - none
xaħxieħ	coll - m - none
bxiekel	pl - none - none
smigħ	sg - m - none
maħbub	sg - m - none
fabbrika	sg - f - none
tniffis	sg - m - none
tiżjina	sg - f - none
qandiela	pl - none - none
fesfus	sg - m - none
terrieħi	sg - m - none
mulett	coll - m - none
nissiel	sg - m - none
taħjita	sg - f - none
allegoriku	sg - m - none
żenqiet	pl - none - none
tħaffira	sg - f - none
kewkbija	pl - none - none
tħemmida	sg - f - none
borka	sg - f - none
dverna	sg - f - none
bkura	sg - f - none
nfiħ	none - none - none
karawetta	sg - f - none
parteċipanta	sg - f - none
tbajja'	pl - none - none
sħun	sg - m - none
suffiss	sg - m - none
taħlil	sg - m - none
ispluzjoni	sg - f - none
rejiet	pl - m - none
sraġ	pl - none - none
tnassis	sg - m - none
tberriħ	sg - m - none
petpitin	pl - none - none
dmija	pl - none - none
palestinjani	pl - none - none
flokkijiet	pl - m - none
bramiet	pl - none - none
fetħa	sg - f - none
anatomiċi	pl - none - none
tiwi	sg - m - none
diżordnijiet	pl - none - none
qasrija	sg - f - none
ferfiex	sg - m - none
ġirja	sg - f - none
ġisem	sg - m - none
sbiriet	pl - none - none
invażiv	sg - m - none
torot	pl - none - none
żennuniet	pl - none - none
xadina	sg - f - none
ħambiqin	pl - none - none
tibċira	sg - f - none
safja	sg - f - none
qarqir	sg - m - none
duttrini	pl - none - none
żrieżer	pl - none - none
taffejjin	pl - none - none
wiġġiebi	sg - m - none
ħruxija	sg - f - none
weġgħan	sg - m - none
għanja	sg - f - none
żibliet	pl - none - none
titqib	sg - m - none
insett	sg - m - none
peniċillini	pl - none - none
teffejjin	pl - none - none
abbundanza	sg - f - none
Naduri	sg - m - none
gelgilin	pl - none - none
bilbel	sg - m - none
farda	sg - f - none
kumplessi	pl - none - none
kompozituri	pl - m - none
żdingati	pl - none - none
żebbiegħa	pl - none - none
ġelbieni	sg - m - none
ġrieden	pl - none - none
Lhudija	sg - f - none
nixja	sg - f - none
kimika	sg - f - none
laqtiet	pl - none - none
banju	sg - m - none
delliela	sg - f - none
tbiddila	sg - f - none
ħeġġimija	sg - f - none
effettiva	sg - f - none
ħniex	pl - none - none
bewwiela	sg - f - none
saddiet	pl - none - none
kisbiet	pl - none - none
ġenerika	sg - f - none
tidwira	sg - f - none
tabelli	pl - f - none
bura	sg - f - none
speċjalista	sg - f - none
prolifika	sg - f - none
trampila	sg - f - none
werrejja	pl - none - none
żafżafa	sg - f - none
obbligi	pl - m - none
qaddisin	pl - none - none
skappata	sg - f - none
santa	sg - f - none
Portugiżi	pl - m - none
tqaqel	pl - none - none
giddibin	pl - none - none
nemxa	sg - f - none
tinbiħa	none - none - none
xorrox	sg - m - none
ġeneru	sg - m - none
namrati	pl - none - none
elastika	sg - f - none
kixxifin	pl - none - none
xalla	sg - f - none
bleħiena	sg - f - none
tgeżwira	sg - f - none
proprjetarji	pl - none - none
atmosferiku	sg - m - none
identiċi	pl - none - none
kurċifissi	pl - none - none
braben	pl - none - none
rvini	pl - none - none
dittur	sg - m - none
dehbin	pl - none - none
pastaża	pl - none - none
attitudnijiet	pl - f - none
delinkwenti	pl - none - none
qmis	sg - f - none
attendenzi	pl - f - none
pixkiera	sg - f - none
inċovi	pl - none - none
djamanti	pl - none - none
sigrieti	pl - none - none
bermiċija	sg - f - none
rapport	sg - m - none
ħaj	sg - m - none
sejjifin	pl - none - none
temtumija	sg - f - none
tkellila	sg - f - none
attakkata	sg - f - none
pożizzjoni	sg - f - none
qardax	sg - m - none
ġemmigħin	pl - none - none
wennisija	pl - none - none
lemħa	sg - f - none
pala	sg - f - none
ċkejkna	sg - f - none
ewliemes	sg - m - none
kiebi	sg - m - none
ħajjen	sg - m - none
ħmejjel	sg - m - diminutive
pożittiva	sg - f - none
geġwiġ	sg - m - none
naħħaqin	pl - none - none
territorju	sg - m - none
swied	sg - m - none
mitilgħa	sg - f - none
laħħaq	sg - m - none
fwidien	pl - none - none
tnissiġa	sg - f - none
rampiela	sg - f - none
bejjina	sg - f - none
mediku	sg - m - none
kaffar	sg - m - none
dottoressa	sg - f - none
test	sg - m - none
traduzzjonijiet	pl - f - none
tpittir	sg - m - none
ranġatura	pl - none - none
tidbir	sg - m - none
felħ	sg - m - none
twerriċa	sg - f - none
qattana	sg - f - none
tqassisa	sg - f - none
kranji	pl - none - none
imminenti	sg - m - none
sellimija	pl - none - none
żus	pl - none - none
ċirkijiet	pl - none - none
mlis	sg - m - none
xlief	sg - m - none
bettiħ	coll - m - none
invażiva	sg - f - none
lagħbin	pl - none - none
damask	sg - m - none
żibel	coll - m - none
sussidji	pl - m - none
konċett	sg - m - none
rigali	pl - m - none
ċelliqin	pl - none - none
titrif	sg - m - none
ġagħdin	pl - none - none
ġlib	sg - m - none
qattarin	pl - none - none
diskursata	sg - f - none
sfondi	pl - none - none
ħtib	sg - m - none
qotnija	sg - f - none
fekka	sg - f - none
silwetti	pl - none - none
saqqafija	sg - f - none
website	sg - m - none
ragħaj	sg - m - none
mesħa	sg - f - none
żrażar	pl - none - none
brix	sg - m - none
mistrieħ	sg - m - none
sehwinin	pl - none - none
arbli	pl - none - none
għassies	sg - m - none
tħarfix	sg - m - none
pejjipin	pl - none - none
palata	sg - f - none
botor	pl - none - none
tifjita	sg - f - none
milja	sg - f - none
saħħari	sg - m - none
dhura	pl - none - none
dewwiema	sg - f - none
debbiħin	pl - none - none
misjura	sg - f - none
ħwawar	pl - none - none
wiġbiet	pl - none - none
truxija	sg - m - none
rquqija	sg - f - none
ġewż	coll - none - none
tħaxxim	sg - m - none
qawwi	sg - m - none
tpennin	coll - m - none
tinsiġ	sg - none - none
timżiż	sg - m - none
ferrigħin	pl - none - none
tbewwiba	sg - f - none
bwiez	pl - none - none
ċrejjek	sg - m - diminutive
għabra	sg - f - none
silġa	sg - f - none
grammi	pl - none - none
neżżigħin	pl - none - none
sospiż	sg - m - none
aggressjonijiet	pl - f - none
visti	pl - none - none
żembiħija	sg - f - none
ġmiel	sg - m - none
żanik	sg - m - none
awditi	pl - none - none
ibnen	none - none - comparative
rgħib	sg - m - none
mliesen	pl - none - none
mtappan	sg - m - none
fawwarin	pl - none - none
tortura	sg - f - none
saħħara	sg - f - none
reminixxenza	sg - f - none
arbitri	pl - none - none
fillings	pl - none - none
baħrin	pl - none - none
sammami	sg - m - none
tebbiqin	pl - none - none
mitbugħ	sg - m - none
introdotta	sg - f - none
konsultazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
kerha	sg - f - none
fawwarin	pl - none - none
kripta	sg - f - none
ċaflis	coll - m - none
geġwiġa	sg - f - none
mxaħħma	sg - f - none
knisja	sg - f - none
taħżina	sg - f - none
kalzrat	sg - m - none
tlaħħima	sg - f - none
tnikkib	sg - m - none
deskritt	sg - m - none
qriħ	sg - m - none
selq	sg - m - none
webbinin	pl - none - none
kaffarija	sg - f - none
plagg	sg - m - none
tirreferiex	none - none - none
liturġiku	sg - m - none
kummerċ	sg - m - none
xiri	sg - m - none
lewwiema	sg - f - none
żeġġiġin	pl - none - none
tfakkiriet	pl - none - none
sogħba	sg - f - none
misgħen	sg - m - none
kawżi	pl - none - none
nemxi	sg - m - none
stima	sg - f - none
sekkien	sg - m - none
qligħ	sg - m - none
mgħarwel	sg - m - none
kwistjoni	sg - f - none
kasbarin	pl - none - none
taħtuħin	pl - none - none
bixkla	sg - f - none
torri	sg - m - none
tfartisa	sg - f - none
tadamiet	pl - none - none
dehin	none - none - none
dallam	sg - m - none
sefsiefa	sg - f - none
żrieżaq	pl - none - none
tħallima	sg - f - none
ċellieqi	sg - m - none
serer	pl - none - none
meraq	coll - m - none
ċappetti	pl - none - none
sfiefed	pl - none - none
ftuħin	pl - none - none
kittifin	pl - none - none
dawrien	sg - m - none
xiħ	sg - m - none
tkaxkira	sg - f - none
nażu	sg - m - none
identifikati	pl - none - none
għajb	sg - m - none
tmun	sg - m - none
dlik	sg - m - none
belqi	sg - m - none
gerbibija	sg - f - none
tqabris	coll - m - none
ġerrigħin	pl - none - none
daqqaqa	pl - m - none
taħqiq	sg - m - none
eġizzjani	pl - none - none
xelters	pl - none - none
mesliħija	pl - none - none
problemi	pl - f - none
kreattiv	sg - m - none
darra	sg - f - none
sabrin	pl - none - none
stilel	pl - none - none
tartru	sg - m - none
approprjat	sg - m - none
oqsfa	pl - none - none
impressjonijiet	pl - f - none
ewropea	sg - f - none
nuċipriski	pl - none - none
qatgħana	sg - f - none
passju	sg - m - none
vannijiet	pl - m - none
friskatur	sg - m - none
tbatijiet	pl - none - none
gerrifin	pl - none - none
għadira	sg - f - none
xenxilin	pl - none - none
atletika	sg - f - none
moqlija	sg - f - none
ħamħiemi	sg - m - none
tinwixa	sg - f - none
tidkira	sg - f - none
semmiema	pl - none - none
bennejja	sg - f - none
vojta	sg - f - none
stipulati	pl - none - none
żeġġiġija	sg - f - none
krexxun	sg - m - none
rossiet	pl - none - none
tejjibin	pl - none - none
tligħ	sg - m - none
tajra	sg - f - none
butir	sg - m - none
werdinija	sg - f - none
pespisin	pl - none - none
ġriegħi	pl - none - none
ażżmu	sg - m - none
buz	sg - m - none
marmalja	sg - f - none
tanbari	sg - m - none
tranġit	sg - m - none
ġeoloġika	sg - f - none
passolina	sg - f - none
ġelatina	sg - f - none
stanjati	pl - none - none
megħka	sg - f - none
asjatika	sg - f - none
musbieħ	sg - m - none
għanqbut	coll - m - none
ħallibin	pl - none - none
venvinija	pl - none - none
fallimenti	pl - none - none
diskors	sg - m - none
rebekkini	pl - none - none
dekkieki	sg - m - none
applikati	pl - none - none
ġejjieb	sg - m - none
bawwarin	pl - none - none
ħniexel	pl - none - none
ġlied	coll - none - none
ħabtiet	pl - none - none
djamant	sg - m - none
familji	pl - f - none
nqas	sg - m - none
serripin	pl - none - none
ġliewi	pl - none - none
għasajfar	sg - m - diminutive
sniħ	sg - m - none
maqtar	sg - m - none
mogħdijiet	pl - none - none
tabbabin	pl - none - none
taħbila	sg - f - none
qamrin	pl - none - none
berried	sg - m - none
trajġiet	pl - none - none
ċwajliet	pl - none - diminutive
dens	sg - m - none
prodotti	pl - m - none
enofila	sg - f - none
nixxija	sg - f - none
mekkanika	sg - f - none
bahradija	sg - f - none
xnejxel	sg - m - none
ksieħ	sg - m - none
riveduta	sg - f - none
tirkin	none - none - none
restawrat	sg - m - none
trattamenti	pl - m - none
tiżlim	sg - m - none
umanità	sg - f - none
dundjan	sg - m - none
ħawlija	sg - f - none
fann	sg - m - none
bolli	pl - none - none
għorkiet	pl - none - none
fessudi	pl - none - none
tfellisa	sg - f - none
ħarir	coll - m - none
ġennijiet	pl - none - none
gamumilla	sg - f - none
dijabetika	sg - f - none
tislik	sg - m - none
tifħiriet	pl - none - none
saram	sg - m - none
konċiża	sg - f - none
bażwa	sg - f - none
ferriħin	pl - none - none
lebliba	sg - f - none
terrieħa	pl - none - none
tħaġġir	sg - m - none
konka	sg - f - none
botaniċi	pl - none - none
tallabija	sg - f - none
tajjara	sg - f - none
fejjiet	sg - m - none
tama	sg - f - none
fallaz	sg - m - none
ċejjiqin	pl - none - none
sħajjen	sg - m - none
tradizzjoni	sg - f - none
skwadra	sg - f - none
skarsezzi	pl - none - none
żambari	sg - m - none
ħinjin	pl - none - none
rifronti	pl - none - none
xagħar	coll - m - none
furban	sg - m - none
ħemmisiet	pl - none - none
daqsiex	pl - none - none
ġappuniż	sg - m - none
tiżnin	sg - m - none
tbarrira	sg - f - none
kebbieba	sg - f - none
librerija	sg - f - none
ħalq	sg - m - none
għajnejn	dl - none - none
kewkba	sg - f - none
iffortifikat	sg - m - none
namrata	sg - f - none
fażijiet	pl - f - none
lenbebija	sg - f - none
żammejja	sg - f - none
ħmewwiet	pl - none - none
intrinsika	sg - f - none
daqsiex	sg - m - none
temmiem	sg - m - none
professjonist	sg - m - none
żenit	sg - m - none
zerzir	coll - m - none
qamel	coll - m - none
tidmima	sg - f - none
kattoliċi	pl - none - none
edukattiv	sg - m - none
qanżiħija	pl - none - none
qawmiet	pl - none - none
tbiq	sg - m - none
kebbisin	pl - none - none
tinnisija	pl - none - none
nabbara	none - f - none
uffiċċji	pl - m - none
wiżżien	sg - m - none
ġelatini	pl - none - none
dinjità	sg - f - none
qaddiemi	sg - m - none
perrieċ	sg - m - none
indipendenza	sg - f - none
maħmieħ	sg - m - none
virata	sg - f - none
reċenti	none - none - none
ħoxni	sg - m - none
klejmiet	pl - none - diminutive
armonika	sg - f - none
lajmani	pl - none - none
tidmigħa	sg - f - none
dellieki	sg - m - none
tħammiġa	sg - f - none
beraq	coll - m - none
gelbiela	sg - f - none
marrarin	pl - none - none
baqbuqi	sg - m - none
inseriti	pl - none - none
gabinett	sg - m - none
sigaretti	pl - none - none
qandula	sg - f - none
sewwisija	pl - none - none
ċinemas	pl - none - none
ħeġma	sg - f - none
ħalliel	sg - m - none
portafoll	sg - m - none
ndiema	none - f - none
pedagoġiċi	pl - none - none
mosħaħin	pl - none - none
kejjilin	pl - none - none
skwadri	pl - f - none
tixrib	sg - m - none
tellief	sg - m - none
mrażżna	pl - none - none
tħajjir	sg - m - none
ħallasa	sg - f - none
residenza	sg - f - none
tixhib	sg - m - none
baskitboll	sg - m - none
wenniesa	sg - f - none
mellejjin	pl - none - none
ikliet	pl - none - none
newwibin	pl - none - none
ħxuna	sg - f - none
żambarin	pl - none - none
aħħarija	pl - none - none
qamlu	sg - m - none
feriment	sg - m - none
żurriqija	sg - f - none
klandestini	pl - none - none
qruniet	pl - none - none
xagħat	sg - m - none
kuruna	sg - f - none
nawfraġju	sg - m - none
ħannikin	pl - none - none
ġmamar	pl - none - none
xrara	sg - f - none
tmeċmiċ	coll - m - none
tiġieġa	sg - f - none
delizzjuża	sg - f - none
teqgħidiet	pl - none - none
żekżika	sg - f - none
skurjat	sg - m - none
sajma	sg - f - none
kaċeċ	pl - none - none
tagħjir	sg - m - none
werżiqija	pl - none - none
sesswali	none - none - none
finanzjarja	sg - f - none
dammiem	sg - m - none
xemniqija	pl - none - none
żemmiela	pl - none - none
tifkiriet	pl - none - none
skomda	sg - f - none
ekwippment	sg - m - none
tlajbiet	pl - none - none
tagħżin	sg - m - none
sawwatija	pl - none - none
ħarħarija	sg - f - none
kannierja	sg - f - none
tranja	sg - f - none
fkieren	pl - none - none
ħalliefa	sg - f - none
il-maqlub	sg - m - none
alkoħoliċi	pl - none - none
kemxa	sg - f - none
ċinta	sg - f - none
tnaqniq	coll - m - none
tektik	coll - m - none
kandiletta	sg - f - none
mantari	sg - m - none
dagħmiema	sg - f - none
Għarab	pl - none - none
elementi	pl - m - none
laħlieħi	sg - m - none
profetiku	sg - m - none
prigunier	sg - m - none
aċċettata	sg - f - none
tiġhiż	sg - m - none
griebeġ	pl - none - none
tħawwiliet	pl - none - none
ħafja	sg - f - none
tiżfit	sg - m - none
dhin	sg - m - none
pizu	sg - m - none
tqala	sg - f - none
bexxiqin	pl - none - none
missjonijiet	pl - f - none
sammamija	pl - none - none
weswisija	sg - f - none
terroristiku	sg - m - none
ħażn	sg - m - none
serriħin	pl - none - none
sliema	sg - f - none
farradija	sg - f - none
vopi	pl - none - none
parlatorji	pl - none - none
safranin	pl - none - none
mħassrin	pl - none - none
ekwazzjoni	sg - f - none
korriment	sg - m - none
mesħiet	pl - none - none
quddiesiet	pl - none - none
daħħan	sg - m - none
ħall	sg - m - none
parilja	sg - f - none
bkiekem	pl - none - none
soljev	sg - m - none
lmiħ	sg - m - none
żebbidin	pl - none - none
limitat	sg - m - none
demmisin	pl - none - none
qajjiem	sg - m - none
qfejla	sg - f - none
ferħ	sg - m - none
tosta	sg - f - none
intervisti	pl - f - none
fiswa	sg - f - none
pinna	sg - f - none
ventilaturi	pl - none - none
djaknu	sg - m - none
ħalliefi	sg - m - none
salvata	sg - f - none
miġnen	sg - m - none
tbattir	sg - m - none
tniggiż	sg - m - none
tagħdida	sg - f - none
ħaxxiema	sg - f - none
denniesa	sg - f - none
atlantiċi	pl - none - none
morra	sg - f - none
semmiem	sg - m - none
pjaċir	sg - m - none
serp	sg - m - none
tisfil	sg - m - none
żarmuġ	sg - m - none
kannella	sg - f - none
tetanu	sg - m - none
mofof	pl - none - none
sultana	sg - f - none
tmatil	sg - m - none
bikjiet	pl - none - none
tqammira	sg - f - none
bawwara	sg - f - none
baħħ	sg - m - none
tqarriqa	sg - f - none
pompa	sg - f - none
ħwejta	sg - f - diminutive
kumplessa	sg - f - none
qarradija	pl - none - none
semitiċi	pl - none - none
tbarwiża	sg - f - none
bandila	sg - f - none
tkarmis	coll - m - none
palmati	pl - none - none
kissier	sg - m - none
plagga	sg - f - none
aġġettiv	sg - m - none
niesja	sg - f - none
xjenzi	pl - f - none
miġbudin	pl - none - none
wellieda	sg - f - none
riżorsi	pl - none - none
pulizija	sg - f - none
ġellewżiet	pl - none - none
simpatiċi	pl - none - none
għoġla	sg - f - none
għajnbaqar	sg - m - none
ħakkimija	sg - f - none
tobbija	sg - f - none
paraventi	pl - none - none
zlazi	pl - none - none
telefons	pl - none - none
produttivi	pl - none - none
ferfura	sg - f - none
ferrieda	sg - f - none
self	sg - m - none
suppapi	pl - none - none
mħabbiet	pl - none - none
insolvenza	sg - f - none
smejjen	sg - m - none
fellies	sg - m - none
tħarrib	sg - m - none
fottiment	sg - m - none
kelma	sg - f - none
artikolu	sg - m - none
mehel	sg - m - none
kuntistabbli	sg - m - none
barrikata	sg - f - none
awwista	sg - f - none
trapan	sg - m - none
gwerrieri	pl - none - none
attakkat	sg - m - none
dwell	sg - m - none
mrewħa	sg - f - none
indolenza	sg - f - none
ġennien	sg - m - none
tuqigħa	sg - f - none
relikwa	sg - f - none
tagħnit	sg - m - none
felħani	sg - m - none
dehhibija	sg - f - none
dwalin	pl - none - none
sejjiħin	pl - none - none
bexkilin	pl - none - none
ittra	sg - f - none
artisti	pl - f - none
intervent	sg - m - none
tibjin	sg - m - none
mċefċaq	sg - m - none
fellieħ	sg - m - none
niffidin	pl - none - none
paralleli	pl - none - none
professur	sg - m - none
qassatat	pl - none - none
sieqja	sg - f - none
tqollija	sg - f - none
germied	sg - m - none
fehiemi	sg - m - none
bexxiexa	sg - f - none
rummien	coll - none - none
Gregorjana	sg - f - none
titmisa	sg - f - none
rit	sg - m - none
teftiefa	pl - none - none
qawwiela	pl - none - none
qwieqeb	pl - none - none
niddejjin	pl - none - none
beżqiet	sg - none - none
stennitur	sg - m - none
okkupati	pl - none - none
tnehidiet	pl - none - none
bjad	coll - m - none
mannasija	sg - f - none
ħarbatin	pl - none - none
dennisija	sg - f - none
mutur	sg - m - none
lanġas	coll - m - none
tqabbida	sg - f - none
għelieqi	pl - none - none
tidmima	sg - f - none
tifġira	sg - f - none
qerridija	sg - f - none
minoranzi	pl - f - none
tbajtir	sg - m - none
wasa'	sg - m - none
neżżiegħ	sg - m - none
standardizzat	sg - m - none
jannar	sg - m - none
messiħin	pl - none - none
qratel	pl - none - none
drammatiċi	pl - none - none
wegħieda	pl - none - none
tħaddima	sg - f - none
tfesdiq	sg - m - none
srasar	pl - none - none
ħieġi	sg - m - none
bizzilel	pl - none - none
kapep	pl - none - none
heddejja	sg - f - none
tizkika	sg - f - none
mibruma	sg - f - none
fewwieq	sg - m - none
insolvibilitajiet	pl - none - none
millenju	sg - m - none
qliel	pl - none - none
magħqud	sg - m - none
mċaqalqa	sg - f - none
ħawwari	sg - m - none
ħanxari	sg - m - none
forka	sg - f - none
naħlija	pl - none - none
kerrejjiet	pl - none - none
temmiemi	sg - m - none
qarnit	coll - none - none
tirann	sg - m - none
laqqam	sg - m - none
gidmiet	pl - none - none
konvenuti	pl - none - none
fħulin	pl - none - none
mxierka	sg - f - none
urejċa	pl - none - none
serji	pl - none - none
swejdin	pl - none - none
dahrien	pl - none - none
żambura	sg - f - none
tagħwim	sg - m - none
dubji	pl - m - none
sebbilija	pl - none - none
faqam	sg - m - none
ħatmin	pl - none - none
lewma	sg - f - none
regħba	sg - f - none
rikordju	sg - m - none
aptit	sg - m - none
dorbies	sg - m - none
aperta	sg - f - none
msielaħ	pl - none - none
kewtilija	sg - f - none
firrolli	pl - none - none
traditura	sg - f - none
meravilja	sg - f - none
it-tielet	none - none - none
laqqigħin	pl - none - none
tingiż	sg - m - none
bgħit	sg - m - none
falza	sg - f - none
qarwiżin	pl - none - none
żewwiqin	pl - none - none
intrinsiku	sg - m - none
tqajjisa	sg - f - none
balbilin	pl - none - none
nefqa	sg - f - none
tulijiet	pl - m - none
nemex	coll - m - none
mula	sg - m - none
ħażża	sg - f - none
tejjibija	pl - none - none
tħawsila	sg - f - none
trumbetti	pl - none - none
dardarija	sg - f - none
klassifiki	pl - f - none
attivista	sg - f - none
fattari	sg - m - none
minġel	sg - m - none
pettijiet	pl - none - none
ġewwieħi	sg - m - none
mekmikija	pl - none - none
santwarju	sg - m - none
ħanin	sg - m - none
mtappna	pl - none - none
baħrija	sg - f - none
mimmati	pl - none - none
suġġetti	pl - m - none
tempju	sg - m - none
vava	sg - f - none
rgħab	pl - none - none
tmiżżiż	sg - m - none
niżżilija	sg - f - none
wettiqija	pl - none - none
għekiesi	pl - none - none
xellugija	sg - f - none
ħuttaba	sg - f - none
tikkjaturi	pl - none - none
ippubblikati	pl - none - none
sufi	sg - m - none
skejkna	sg - f - none
kagħburiet	pl - none - none
żluqija	sg - f - none
patrijott	sg - m - none
qanfieda	sg - f - none
griega	sg - f - none
magika	sg - f - none
taħtita	sg - f - none
kgħabar	coll - m - none
sakkara	sg - f - none
żbajjeb	sg - m - none
taqqaba	pl - none - none
tirhib	sg - m - none
taħliqa	sg - f - none
spjegati	pl - none - none
qawqbi	sg - m - none
klipps	pl - none - none
swarè	sg - f - none
dwiewi	pl - none - none
qejjies	sg - m - none
sandwiċ	sg - m - none
toqqala	sg - f - none
waħħam	sg - m - none
sejjifija	sg - f - none
atletiku	sg - m - none
rampili	pl - none - none
umani	pl - none - none
dakkariet	pl - none - none
ħażżiena	sg - f - none
tedjuż	sg - m - none
utri	pl - none - none
ħofrija	sg - f - none
dlilija	sg - f - none
mimdudin	pl - none - none
mħara	sg - f - none
tbigħat	pl - none - none
pipati	pl - none - none
partikulari	pl - none - none
lenbubiet	pl - none - none
swejda	sg - f - none
konvalexxenzi	pl - none - none
qanfuda	sg - f - none
frażi	sg - f - none
aqqal	none - none - comparative
sostitwit	sg - m - none
assedju	sg - m - none
dell	sg - m - none
theddidiet	pl - none - none
bozoz	pl - none - none
tisliħ	sg - m - none
nħawi	pl - none - none
qżuża	sg - f - none
ġemel	sg - m - none
żeglig	coll - m - none
sagħtar	coll - m - none
wegħirin	pl - none - none
preferenzi	pl - f - none
kitjin	pl - none - none
rotob	pl - none - none
lwejjaħ	sg - f - none
mejla	sg - f - none
żahriet	pl - none - none
brajiet	pl - none - none
selfiet	pl - none - none
skrivan	sg - m - none
demokratika	sg - f - none
rimborżi	pl - none - none
kamrin	none - m - none
kartularju	sg - m - none
fessud	sg - m - none
tallaba	pl - none - none
sliħ	sg - m - none
bsir	sg - m - none
kissibin	pl - none - none
profetiċi	pl - none - none
sqifiet	pl - none - none
tilwit	sg - m - none
niktiet	pl - none - none
likkiema	sg - f - none
sħat	pl - none - none
ċekkinija	sg - f - none
sqallija	sg - f - none
xermudija	pl - none - none
għalla	sg - f - none
korrispondenza	sg - f - none
bloggijiet	pl - m - none
fessejja	sg - f - none
stejk	sg - m - none
elezzjoni	sg - f - none
ħaxkieni	sg - m - none
divertimenti	pl - m - none
bażiċi	pl - none - none
sinna	sg - f - none
hedwa	sg - f - none
tidlima	sg - f - none
pinnuri	pl - none - none
ħattarija	sg - f - none
żepżip	coll - m - none
farġa	sg - f - none
mimlijin	pl - none - none
ħafna	sg - f - none
laqx	coll - m - none
għolja	sg - f - none
praspar	pl - none - none
ġewwieża	sg - f - none
diminuttivi	pl - m - none
tħemmir	sg - m - none
mnejqa	sg - f - diminutive
atmosferika	sg - f - none
turnjaturi	pl - none - none
bbilanċjat	sg - m - none
ħalja	sg - f - none
tbarrir	sg - m - none
plakek	pl - none - none
talenti	pl - m - none
xappapija	pl - none - none
sturnelli	pl - none - none
marda	sg - f - none
aħdar	sg - m - none
tfartin	sg - m - none
ġenitur	sg - m - none
tomna	sg - f - none
berkil	sg - m - none
botaniku	sg - m - none
tfaddila	sg - f - none
qaxqaxija	sg - f - none
majjala	sg - f - none
sewwa	sg - m - none
tgerrimiet	pl - none - none
fettiliet	pl - none - none
naqqaxin	pl - none - none
applikata	sg - f - none
tkennin	sg - m - none
aniżetti	pl - none - none
għalqa	sg - f - none
rimedju	sg - m - none
magħda	sg - f - none
adegwat	sg - m - none
dnub	sg - m - none
parenteżijiet	pl - none - none
mġiegħdin	pl - none - none
bażwarin	pl - none - none
saflinija	sg - f - none
żodjaku	sg - m - none
aħħar	sg - m - none
qarriemi	sg - m - none
protesti	pl - m - none
involvimenti	pl - m - none
tismija	sg - f - none
borma	sg - f - none
dokumenti	pl - m - none
tfarrid	sg - m - none
villaġġ	sg - m - none
germidija	sg - f - none
tilqim	sg - m - none
konvenjenti	none - none - none
beltija	sg - f - none
għajjiena	sg - f - none
implikat	sg - m - none
dinja	sg - f - none
kwadrati	pl - none - none
qies	sg - m - none
sofja	pl - none - none
mimmat	sg - m - none
tbattila	sg - f - none
sejjisija	sg - f - none
tefgħat	pl - none - none
fwejħiet	pl - none - none
kuri	pl - none - none
tapiti	pl - none - none
fdal	sg - m - none
numeriċi	pl - none - none
tiżniqa	sg - f - none
żebbiġija	sg - f - none
mabrad	sg - m - none
qarrimija	pl - none - none
bliq	sg - m - none
tibxixa	sg - f - none
qassara	pl - none - none
bexxixin	pl - none - none
faċċol	sg - m - none
ħarrata	sg - f - none
filantropiċi	pl - none - none
ferriexi	sg - m - none
heddiemi	sg - m - none
bellieli	sg - m - none
għafrid	sg - m - none
daqsinin	pl - none - none
titrira	sg - f - none
torni	pl - none - none
loġika	sg - f - none
analitiċi	pl - none - none
vakanta	sg - f - none
mekkaniċi	pl - none - none
appuntamenti	pl - m - none
għasra	sg - f - none
garra	sg - f - none
ġhura	sg - f - none
qanżħa	sg - f - none
ġonna	pl - none - none
qammiel	sg - m - none
karbiet	pl - none - none
proverbji	pl - none - none
tifriħa	sg - f - none
satra	sg - f - none
kwalifikata	sg - f - none
pepprin	coll - none - none
partit	none - m - none
siktiet	pl - none - none
endemika	sg - f - none
kollettiva	sg - f - none
barbier	sg - m - none
qotnina	none - f - none
attrazzjoni	sg - f - none
żabbarin	pl - none - none
xaqq	sg - m - none
ftira	sg - f - none
qattigħin	pl - none - none
twatwita	sg - f - none
rħgiba	sg - f - none
milsiet	pl - none - none
nanniet	pl - none - none
salvatur	sg - m - none
ħaxwiexi	sg - m - none
tbettiħa	sg - f - none
ħakmiet	pl - none - none
golf	sg - m - none
tpaċpiċa	sg - f - none
lagħbijiet	pl - none - none
vażett	sg - m - none
ġbin	sg - m - none
beżliek	sg - m - none
bexbiexa	sg - f - none
qedem	sg - m - none
investiment	sg - m - none
tqassira	sg - f - none
tgħajma	sg - f - none
katalana	sg - f - none
tinsiba	sg - f - none
kariżmatiċi	pl - none - none
tewwiemi	sg - m - none
satellita	sg - f - none
inkwiżizzjonijiet	pl - f - none
katavru	sg - m - none
minfuħa	sg - f - none
sħaba	sg - f - none
nannakoli	pl - f - none
tislimiet	pl - none - none
sewwiesa	pl - none - none
opra	sg - f - none
meħtiġin	pl - none - none
telgħan	sg - m - none
gardell	sg - m - none
silġiet	pl - none - none
merriħija	sg - f - none
weġġiegħa	sg - f - none
kenniesa	sg - f - none
ħuttafa	sg - f - none
friegħen	pl - none - none
furmaturi	pl - none - none
suriet	pl - none - none
ħejjiema	sg - f - none
taħħar	sg - m - none
mixħutin	pl - none - none
xermiedi	sg - m - none
qofof	pl - none - none
nafra	sg - f - none
tqassim	sg - m - none
qallatin	pl - none - none
stonku	sg - m - none
żeffiena	pl - none - none
tinwiħa	sg - f - none
pedamenti	pl - none - none
ftuħi	sg - m - none
qronfliet	pl - none - none
sakkarin	pl - none - none
żgħorija	none - f - none
qaddiefa	sg - f - none
mappa	sg - f - none
dehhisija	sg - f - none
ġrada	sg - f - none
Malti	sg - m - none
qassabija	sg - f - none
żlieġa	sg - f - none
ħalliema	sg - f - none
nemus	coll - m - none
tiżkim	sg - m - none
qanċiċa	sg - f - none
batterija	sg - f - none
qatgħa	sg - f - none
nbit	none - none - none
rewwixti	pl - none - none
nassab	sg - m - none
tentix	coll - m - none
sawwabi	sg - m - none
ferrieħa	sg - f - none
legligija	sg - f - none
lenbubi	pl - none - none
għakrix	sg - m - none
rħajjel	sg - m - diminutive
ħabar	sg - m - none
onorarju	sg - m - none
aljenazzjoni	sg - f - none
daħħani	sg - m - none
żarmatura	sg - f - none
elettroniku	sg - m - none
ffirmat	sg - m - none
tossiku	sg - m - none
maqdas	sg - m - none
tużżani	pl - none - none
kaxxa	sg - f - none
fittixin	pl - none - none
zappapi	sg - m - none
fartas	sg - m - none
tpejjipa	sg - f - none
intelliġenti	sg - m - none
kilogramma	sg - f - none
kerrejja	pl - none - none
ġarrabin	pl - none - none
taqmit	sg - m - none
muntun	sg - m - none
żarradin	pl - none - none
barrieri	pl - f - none
weġgħa	sg - f - none
tekil	sg - m - none
wasla	sg - f - none
klib	sg - m - none
żaftura	coll - f - none
faħħara	sg - f - none
armi	pl - none - none
petpitija	pl - none - none
tfessiqa	sg - f - none
vittma	sg - f - none
stipulat	sg - m - none
kanzunetti	pl - f - none
nikkitija	pl - none - none
weżwieża	sg - f - none
popolat	sg - m - none
ambizzjoni	sg - f - none
arrestata	sg - f - none
gabuba	sg - f - none
kantun	sg - m - none
żergħija	pl - none - none
rogħda	sg - f - none
ġemma	sg - f - none
umoristika	sg - f - none
fartas	sg - m - none
kariżmatiku	sg - m - none
ċeltika	sg - f - none
ħawwara	sg - f - none
ħall	coll - m - none
kessieħi	sg - m - none
amerikan	sg - m - none
difensuri	pl - m - none
spezzjonijiet	pl - none - none
bermeċ	sg - m - none
mdiebaħ	pl - none - none
festivals	pl - m - none
tkarwita	sg - f - none
xewqtejn	dl - f - none
puliti	pl - none - none
tpeċliq	coll - m - none
qarrigħin	pl - none - none
kunsens	sg - m - none
etniċa	sg - f - none
serqiet	pl - none - none
edukaturi	pl - m - none
istampa	sg - f - none
bekbieka	sg - f - none
deffun	sg - m - none
messaġġ	sg - m - none
tislija	sg - f - none
uħix	sg - m - none
prominenzi	pl - f - none
meħtieġ	sg - m - none
sogħla	none - f - none
pinzetta	sg - f - none
waħam	sg - m - none
żeffitija	sg - f - none
tħattiba	sg - f - none
nwejxfa	sg - f - none
taffala	pl - none - none
laqxiet	pl - none - none
assoluta	sg - f - none
flus	sg - m - none
wilda	sg - f - none
nbejjed	pl - none - none
rkejjen	pl - none - none
palestinjan	sg - m - none
hieni	sg - m - none
abbiss	sg - m - none
garanziji	pl - none - none
analizzata	sg - f - none
sapuniet	pl - none - none
ħawħiet	pl - none - none
ħarrab	sg - m - none
xengulija	sg - f - none
logħbiet	pl - none - none
ħeġġieġ	sg - m - none
fedeltà	sg - f - none
ġemmiegħ	sg - m - none
qarnin	pl - none - none
għalta	sg - f - none
selliemi	sg - m - none
tarbiċ	sg - m - none
serviliżmu	sg - m - none
żifna	sg - f - none
ġemgħat	pl - none - none
ħidma	sg - f - none
mrewħiet	pl - none - none
dumnikani	pl - none - none
prammatiċi	pl - none - none
twassigħa	sg - f - none
ibbażati	pl - none - none
magħadija	sg - f - none
żahri	sg - m - none
qawwiela	sg - f - none
tfesfis	sg - m - none
mnigħ	sg - m - none
bipolariżmu	sg - m - none
lampari	pl - none - none
salvja	sg - f - none
midweb	sg - m - none
sandli	coll - none - none
therriża	sg - f - none
qisija	sg - f - none
wassali	sg - m - none
rozza	sg - f - none
tifsiliet	pl - none - none
bwieri	pl - none - none
distribwiti	pl - none - none
biered	sg - m - none
farradin	pl - none - none
ktib	sg - m - none
jum	sg - m - none
limjiet	pl - none - none
sakriet	pl - none - none
saħħaħin	pl - none - none
relattiv	sg - m - none
tifrigħ	sg - m - none
kkalkulati	pl - none - none
taħrik	none - none - none
lingwistika	sg - f - none
nħiq	sg - m - none
morr	sg - m - none
squq	pl - none - none
bexxixiet	pl - none - none
beżżulin	pl - none - none
għatx	sg - m - none
tiskin	sg - m - none
taċċijiet	pl - none - none
lanċ	sg - m - none
maħruba	pl - none - none
dikkiena	sg - f - none
saħħarin	pl - none - none
henjin	pl - none - none
salvawomu	sg - m - none
mexmiex	sg - m - none
referendum	sg - m - none
tbatija	sg - f - none
pposeduta	sg - f - none
promozzjonijiet	pl - f - none
terħa	sg - f - none
sewwidija	sg - f - none
tibrid	sg - m - none
tpaspir	coll - m - none
galilejan	sg - m - none
lazzijiet	pl - none - none
mitlaq	sg - m - none
żaqżieq	sg - m - none
tismima	sg - f - none
sferiċi	pl - none - none
ġurnata	sg - f - none
għożża	sg - f - none
qaħba	sg - f - none
mhejreż	sg - m - diminutive
newni	sg - m - none
belqa	sg - f - none
maxtiet	pl - none - none
tarizza	none - f - none
rari	none - none - none
gawwi	sg - m - none
karmus	sg - m - none
beżżiegħ	sg - m - none
derstejn	dl - none - none
ġulġliniet	pl - none - none
titpipa	sg - f - none
najjar	sg - m - none
bettiħiet	pl - none - none
semmiena	pl - none - none
tifrida	sg - f - none
tiżrigħ	sg - m - none
ħatba	sg - f - none
tkattir	sg - m - none
qawwiet	pl - none - none
darrasa	sg - f - none
twegħid	sg - m - none
ħartum	sg - none - none
ħmir	pl - none - none
nepotiżmu	sg - m - none
bżejżla	sg - f - none
karfus	coll - m - none
korrimenti	pl - none - none
asgħab	none - none - comparative
xarada	sg - f - none
tilmiħa	sg - f - none
sigurtajiet	pl - f - none
werrixin	pl - none - none
pinet	pl - none - none
ferriħin	pl - none - none
qatliet	pl - none - none
niffixin	pl - none - none
rikreazzjoni	sg - f - none
gabina	sg - f - none
qris	sg - m - none
żebbuġa	sg - f - none
jassarija	sg - f - none
firdiet	pl - f - none
likkiemi	sg - m - none
dandin	sg - m - none
felli	sg - m - none
sarram	sg - m - none
nagħgħasin	pl - none - none
professuri	pl - m - none
waqwiqin	pl - none - none
żewwiġin	pl - none - none
ġlud	pl - none - none
benġilin	pl - none - none
nominat	sg - m - none
nigża	sg - f - none
qassaba	pl - none - none
qarriqija	sg - f - none
neffieħi	sg - m - none
tjun	pl - none - none
wrejdna	sg - f - none
titjira	sg - f - none
kunjata	sg - f - none
fawra	sg - f - none
daqduq	coll - m - none
laqxi	sg - m - none
sirka	sg - f - none
ħallieġ	sg - m - none
foga	sg - f - none
ħawlin	pl - none - none
analġesiku	sg - m - none
kaskata	sg - f - none
tensjonijiet	pl - f - none
komunikazzjoni	sg - f - none
tarraġ	sg - m - none
sferiku	sg - m - none
tisfif	sg - m - none
nagħal	pl - none - none
kagħwiexa	sg - f - none
delegazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
kakka	sg - m - none
fettieħ	sg - m - none
ħawwifin	pl - none - none
saffari	sg - m - none
tidmigħ	sg - m - none
saħħaqija	pl - none - none
diffużi	pl - none - none
felliek	sg - m - none
marrad	sg - m - none
bbażati	pl - none - none
rummien	sg - m - none
liwja	sg - f - none
kunsensi	pl - none - none
kavalla	sg - f - none
tidhira	sg - f - none
tradituri	pl - none - none
ħażżenin	pl - none - none
ginekoloġista	sg - m - none
kejjieni	sg - m - none
figorin	sg - m - none
anarkika	sg - f - none
faqqar	sg - m - none
komiċi	pl - none - none
mrawwmin	pl - none - none
saqqafija	pl - none - none
żambur	none - m - none
taħwiħ	sg - m - none
msieken	pl - none - none
maqjuma	pl - none - none
pern	sg - m - none
kurkar	sg - m - none
tifel	sg - m - none
taqtigħ	sg - m - none
hienja	sg - f - none
bejjiegħi	sg - m - none
frejjeġ	pl - none - none
sahhara	sg - f - none
qaxlifija	pl - none - none
qawqabiet	pl - none - none
tagħdis	sg - m - none
ħallieġa	sg - f - none
qaddidija	sg - f - none
saħħaħin	pl - none - none
qarquċiet	pl - none - none
arkitettonika	sg - f - none
moderata	sg - f - none
singular	sg - m - none
ballutiet	pl - f - none
migrieża	sg - f - none
kafè	sg - m - none
wiża'	sg - m - none
pappanejna	none - none - none
ħanxarin	pl - none - none
xita	sg - f - none
ċiċra	sg - f - none
tanbarin	pl - none - none
tikmix	sg - m - none
poeti	pl - m - none
ċuqlajta	sg - f - none
tbejniet	pl - none - none
mċarrat	sg - m - none
ġerrigħija	sg - f - none
namriet	pl - none - none
albaniża	sg - f - none
mqagħad	sg - m - none
altari	pl - m - none
rqaq	pl - none - none
weħla	sg - f - none
manqax	sg - m - mimated
xirjiet	pl - f - none
nmejliet	pl - none - none
tqarwiża	sg - f - none
ġmiegħa	sg - f - none
burdell	sg - m - none
imbarazz	coll - none - none
lħiħ	sg - m - none
imħra	pl - none - none
żgħożijiet	pl - none - none
tbaqiqa	sg - f - none
età	sg - f - none
ħebb	sg - m - none
krejhin	pl - none - diminutive
serpin	pl - none - none
difensiv	sg - m - none
titqila	sg - f - none
waqqaf	sg - m - none
suċċessivi	pl - none - none
lenbut	sg - m - none
tektuki	sg - m - none
temmiema	sg - f - none
xoqoq	pl - none - none
soljevi	pl - none - none
tfaqqima	sg - f - none
xengila	sg - f - none
kutuletti	pl - none - none
kenninin	pl - none - none
diġestjoni	sg - f - none
sensazzjonaliżmu	sg - m - none
riferenzi	pl - none - none
uħux	pl - none - none
siparji	pl - none - none
bażwari	sg - m - none
forensika	sg - f - none
ħettief	sg - m - none
divinità	sg - f - none
żmattata	sg - f - none
infjammazzjoni	sg - f - none
rozzi	pl - none - none
swar	pl - none - none
qattari	sg - m - none
umlijanti	none - none - none
ċivilizzazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
ħakkieka	sg - f - none
tifsiq	sg - m - none
kartolini	pl - none - none
inċidenti	pl - m - none
nagħgħas	sg - m - none
parkings	pl - none - none
ħammara	sg - f - none
sakkar	sg - m - none
ħassiel	sg - m - none
kartonċina	sg - f - none
tkewwisa	sg - f - none
bziezel	pl - none - none
dellikin	pl - none - none
qarsiet	pl - none - none
llegali	sg - f - none
ġbira	sg - f - none
fessejja	sg - f - none
tilħiħ	sg - m - none
warrab	sg - m - none
baqqar	sg - m - none
xermuda	pl - none - none
sellieka	pl - none - none
tkessiħa	sg - f - none
prudenti	pl - none - none
saqqafi	sg - m - none
smidiet	pl - none - none
finanzjarji	pl - none - none
ħerqanin	pl - none - none
bra	sg - f - none
gvieret	pl - none - none
żaqq	sg - m - none
anzjan	sg - m - none
konservattivi	pl - none - none
università	sg - f - none
tbiċċir	sg - m - none
tkejjina	sg - f - none
ċatti	pl - none - none
borġ	sg - m - none
miġbuda	sg - f - none
bekkieta	sg - f - none
perriċin	pl - none - none
inkartament	sg - m - none
tiġrijiet	pl - none - none
distinzjonijiet	pl - f - none
ġnus	pl - none - none
mxengla	sg - f - none
żebbiġija	pl - none - none
badtejn	dl - none - none
mantarin	pl - none - none
lqugħi	sg - m - none
katalgu	sg - m - none
stħajjil	sg - m - none
mowbajls	pl - none - none
dgħumija	sg - f - none
essenzi	pl - none - none
fidila	sg - f - none
geżż	sg - m - none
rkiekel	pl - none - none
dendiel	sg - m - none
rumanz	sg - m - none
teftif	coll - m - none
tidwib	sg - m - none
waħħaxiet	pl - none - none
demmieli	sg - m - none
kemmiedi	sg - m - none
faqqiegħ	sg - m - none
qaħbin	pl - none - none
għażżilin	pl - none - none
tqammita	sg - f - none
ħorża	sg - f - none
tbarqima	sg - f - none
ferneżiji	pl - none - none
inkwina	sg - f - none
żegżiega	pl - none - none
qodos	sg - m - none
turufnamenti	pl - none - none
żimlija	pl - none - none
perċa	sg - f - none
tisħiba	sg - f - none
kaptan	sg - m - none
twil	sg - m - none
żummara	sg - f - none
ġonġiment	sg - m - none
spaga	sg - f - none
niżżilin	pl - none - none
gażjiet	pl - none - none
tlejgħa	sg - f - none
ħluqija	sg - f - none
ħeġġiemi	sg - m - none
tferriħ	sg - m - none
temma	sg - f - none
selsil	coll - m - none
tiżbiba	sg - f - none
tewk	sg - m - none
ġebliet	pl - none - none
drappijiet	pl - none - none
ġbir	sg - m - none
tgelgila	sg - f - none
tawħira	sg - f - none
kalzetta	sg - f - none
ħejbiet	pl - none - none
daqs	sg - m - none
dalma	sg - f - none
karru	sg - m - none
tlewwita	sg - f - none
sellitija	pl - none - none
sħieri	pl - none - none
waħħama	sg - f - none
katletta	sg - f - none
tiżkima	sg - f - none
sptarijiet	pl - none - none
megħieri	sg - m - none
mwiet	pl - none - none
barrakudi	pl - none - none
dgħif	sg - m - none
ikklassifikati	pl - none - none
kmix	sg - m - none
werdiena	sg - f - none
mkaħel	pl - none - none
twellijiet	pl - none - none
titligħ	sg - m - none
ħarrubiet	pl - none - none
targits	pl - none - none
lelluxija	sg - f - none
sgħil	sg - m - none
ċirkli	pl - none - none
ħattamin	pl - none - none
xermieda	pl - none - none
qasam	sg - m - none
sports	pl - none - none
kompjuters	pl - m - none
għoli	sg - m - none
newwiel	sg - m - none
muqranin	pl - none - none
sandla	sg - f - none
xewqat	pl - f - none
waqqafija	sg - f - none
iġsma	pl - none - none
qabbieżi	sg - m - none
tiġwiż	sg - m - none
kmandamenti	pl - none - none
mrieżaq	pl - none - none
sħarijiet	pl - none - none
villan	sg - m - none
fexfiexi	sg - m - none
qamla	sg - f - none
naħnuħija	pl - none - none
qastna	sg - f - none
ċawla	sg - f - none
antenat	sg - m - none
fażi	sg - f - none
tkissiriet	pl - none - none
saħħaħija	pl - none - none
kesħin	pl - none - none
gara	sg - f - none
istituzzjoni	sg - f - none
arzella	sg - f - none
żurriqin	pl - none - none
pittura	sg - f - none
kapitalizzata	sg - f - none
tbennina	sg - f - none
bijodiversitajiet	pl - f - none
tisnin	sg - m - none
dwana	sg - f - none
timbru	sg - m - none
ġermaniż	sg - m - none
koinċidenza	sg - f - none
bkur	sg - m - none
priżi	pl - none - none
ifilsa	pl - none - none
neputijiet	pl - none - none
użijiet	pl - none - none
serpa	sg - f - none
xebliek	sg - m - none
ħaddanija	sg - f - none
kategorika	sg - f - none
tbewwisa	sg - f - none
inċirata	sg - f - none
kuraġġ	sg - m - none
fottaturi	pl - none - none
appostoliċi	pl - none - none
bwejba	sg - f - diminutive
naqnuq	sg - m - none
ħannixija	sg - f - none
possibbli	sg - m - none
zenzin	coll - m - none
dagħwiet	pl - none - none
tarradin	pl - none - none
qarradija	sg - f - none
liebri	pl - m - none
kardijaku	sg - m - none
mdieweb	pl - none - none
proġett	sg - m - none
kerrejja	sg - f - none
xejriet	pl - f - none
neffiqin	pl - none - none
taqdid	sg - m - none
kuġin	sg - m - none
xtieli	pl - none - none
ċekċiekiet	pl - none - none
għodwiet	pl - none - none
lewwien	sg - m - none
qandlija	sg - f - none
melliħin	pl - none - none
farax	pl - none - none
individwi	pl - m - none
ażżmu	sg - m - none
beżlikin	pl - none - none
ħtriqijiet	pl - none - none
champion	sg - m - none
tmiemi	sg - m - none
tweswisa	sg - f - none
selliema	pl - none - none
idjota	sg - m - none
mnara	sg - f - none
herrejja	sg - f - none
ferfieri	sg - m - none
fieragħ	sg - m - none
paspar	sg - m - none
tlaħħiq	sg - m - none
tixrib	sg - m - none
għetiebi	pl - none - none
magħtubin	pl - none - none
maturitajiet	pl - f - none
mċaftrin	pl - none - none
politika	sg - f - none
qabliet	pl - none - none
awstraljan	sg - m - none
iranjani	pl - none - none
znieter	pl - none - none
suċċess	sg - m - none
kamrieri	pl - none - none
drawwa	sg - f - none
seqrija	pl - none - none
nixfa	none - f - none
paternalistiku	sg - m - none
kanuni	pl - none - none
liebru	sg - m - none
kapaċità	sg - f - none
mustarda	sg - f - none
ħemdiet	pl - none - none
nemmieli	pl - none - none
xofof	pl - none - none
famużi	pl - none - none
ħama	sg - m - none
oriġini	sg - f - none
fħul	pl - none - none
ħammiġija	sg - f - none
vjali	pl - m - none
ġgantesk	sg - m - none
wettejja	sg - f - none
foki	pl - none - none
żguri	pl - none - none
bħaħan	pl - none - none
mniegħsin	pl - none - none
fqar	pl - none - none
stallett	sg - m - none
moppijiet	pl - none - none
rappreżentanta	sg - f - none
prapar	pl - none - none
paxijiet	pl - none - none
żelliema	sg - f - none
ċċelebrata	sg - f - none
arloġġiera	pl - none - none
tixħiħ	sg - m - none
paċifist	sg - m - none
dhejjen	sg - m - none
endemiċi	pl - none - none
drajsa	sg - f - diminutive
qammiela	sg - f - none
tiżgiga	sg - f - none
żaqżiqa	sg - f - none
pilota	sg - m - none
isfa	none - none - comparative
vażetti	pl - none - none
sperma	sg - f - none
ġarrabin	pl - none - none
qalila	pl - none - none
valz	sg - m - none
ħżejna	sg - f - none
aspirini	pl - none - none
qadima	sg - f - none
laqqaxa	sg - f - none
ħuxliefa	sg - f - none
skwerra	sg - f - none
samrott	sg - m - none
żikmiet	pl - none - none
żbaljat	sg - m - none
berfieli	sg - m - none
musana	pl - none - none
tbiġġil	sg - m - none
ħalliġin	pl - none - none
kebbibin	pl - none - none
tweġiba	sg - f - none
ħaxkinija	sg - f - none
ipokriti	pl - none - none
semmej	sg - m - none
ferrixin	pl - none - none
ħaqqieq	sg - m - none
baxxejja	sg - f - none
rħama	sg - f - none
qażżieżi	sg - m - none
tikużi	pl - none - none
kkaratterizzati	pl - none - none
ixfqa	pl - none - none
tnegħija	sg - f - none
tferfira	sg - f - none
mengħat	pl - none - none
tħajjina	sg - f - none
tebutier	sg - m - none
ħażżieżi	sg - m - none
qaddiefa	pl - none - none
tferriħa	sg - f - none
nofsillejl	sg - m - none
meqjusiet	pl - none - none
lissiena	sg - f - none
tikfina	sg - f - none
mnissel	sg - m - none
tmessiħ	sg - m - none
semplifikati	pl - none - none
samra	sg - f - none
talb	sg - m - none
botna	sg - f - none
dmumi	pl - none - none
treddin	sg - m - none
lixx	sg - m - none
żvizzeru	sg - m - none
nazzjonalist	sg - m - none
ċarruta	sg - f - none
theżżiż	sg - m - none
figuri	pl - f - none
niffidija	none - f - none
meżmieża	sg - f - none
tartir	coll - m - none
stqarrijiet	pl - none - none
manku	sg - m - none
għoti	sg - m - none
ħaddiela	sg - f - none
biżgħat	pl - none - none
riskji	pl - m - none
vit	sg - m - none
nfir	sg - m - none
żelliqin	pl - none - none
disklu	sg - m - none
mabram	sg - m - none
ġelludin	pl - none - none
ġarrad	sg - m - none
dbejbna	sg - f - none
milgħaqiet	pl - none - none
żahrija	pl - none - none
laħmi	sg - m - none
ħawwiela	sg - f - none
titnija	sg - f - none
amministrazzjoni	sg - f - none
mogħoż	pl - none - none
ċaqlembuti	pl - none - none
qodma	pl - none - none
sagħtrija	pl - none - none
finita	sg - f - none
turretta	sg - f - none
taħħara	pl - none - none
tiżbid	sg - m - none
zalzetta	sg - f - none
ġemġimin	pl - none - none
tigdisa	sg - f - none
libjana	sg - f - none
nehidija	sg - f - none
neddejjin	pl - none - none
mutalgħa	sg - f - none
mewta	sg - f - none
eċċessivi	pl - none - none
metalli	pl - m - none
tħattiba	sg - f - none
ħaġri	sg - m - none
dellilija	sg - f - none
ħabtiet	pl - f - none
sanninin	pl - none - none
trampil	sg - m - none
lenbubija	sg - f - none
ħariet	pl - none - none
ċħid	sg - m - none
turiżmu	sg - m - none
barramin	pl - none - none
appostoliku	sg - m - none
swafi	pl - none - none
lokomozjoni	sg - f - none
sovjetiċi	pl - none - none
veduta	sg - f - none
fiswi	sg - m - none
kwieter	pl - none - none
balbilin	pl - none - none
nifda	sg - f - none
saqqafija	pl - none - none
stalla	sg - f - none
siebra	pl - none - none
żakkarin	pl - none - none
sfajjar	sg - m - none
xeblika	sg - f - none
naqqasa	sg - f - none
tidrira	sg - f - none
widdiena	pl - none - none
mantelli	pl - none - none
influwenzat	sg - m - none
sattarija	pl - none - none
bagħbusa	sg - f - none
turfien	sg - m - none
portmonijiet	pl - none - none
għeluq	sg - m - none
ħoxna	sg - f - none
tqartima	sg - f - none
fakkar	sg - m - none
tagħmiriet	pl - none - none
tibdiliet	pl - none - none
tħażżin	sg - m - none
tiħjiba	sg - f - none
sensji	pl - none - none
ħażżiżin	pl - none - none
gaġġa	sg - f - none
tinjib	sg - m - none
tagħtin	sg - m - none
taħmiġ	sg - m - none
naqqarin	pl - none - none
densità	sg - f - none
salvji	pl - none - none
xewlieħa	sg - f - none
qaħqiħija	pl - none - none
ħejba	sg - f - none
ezami	sg - m - none
pjan	sg - m - none
xappapin	pl - none - none
ċittadella	sg - f - none
rapporti	pl - m - none
metodi	pl - m - none
inserita	sg - f - none
darrasin	pl - none - none
ħaffiefa	sg - f - none
mneżżgħa	sg - f - none
isfar	sg - m - none
etiku	sg - m - none
kormija	sg - f - none
metriċi	pl - none - none
gomma	sg - f - none
tirjix	sg - m - none
ġulġliena	sg - f - none
tenfixin	pl - none - none
kliniċi	pl - none - none
taqjida	sg - f - none
felfula	sg - f - none
merluzz	sg - m - none
naħja	sg - f - none
rdieden	pl - none - none
ġobnijiet	pl_pl - none - none
sejjieba	sg - f - none
ingravati	pl - none - none
tbekkit	sg - m - none
taħliq	sg - m - none
nervjati	pl - none - none
xkiel	sg - m - none
multilingwali	none - none - none
strat	pl - none - none
karfusu	sg - m - none
musfara	pl - none - none
xaħxieħi	sg - m - none
qaħbi	sg - m - none
kalamiti	pl - none - none
esibizzjonijiet	pl - none - none
sinfoniji	pl - none - none
borżetti	pl - none - none
tqil	sg - m - none
ħaxmiet	pl - none - none
imbatt	sg - m - none
fewwieħa	sg - f - none
staġuni	pl - m - none
ċika	sg - f - none
ġenerużi	pl - none - none
soluzzjonijiet	pl - none - none
werwiera	sg - f - none
taqjir	sg - m - none
setturi	pl - m - none
tħarriġa	sg - f - none
briedel	pl - none - none
ħatmi	sg - m - none
berfilija	sg - f - none
erojka	sg - f - none
laqqama	sg - f - none
finlandiżi	pl - none - none
trajfils	pl - none - none
nixxejja	pl - none - none
banka	sg - f - none
futura	sg - f - none
kannella	none - none - none
maqbda	sg - f - none
ġganti	pl - none - none
desk	sg - f - none
gundalli	pl - none - none
gravi	none - none - none
nokkliet	pl - none - none
dagħdigħ	sg - m - none
selliek	sg - m - none
żajbrin	pl - none - none
tmanwila	sg - f - none
rikonoxxuta	sg - f - none
infieħ	sg - m - none
malvizz	sg - m - none
tertiqa	sg - f - none
taħġiġa	sg - f - none
bagħbusin	pl - none - none
xeblik	sg - m - none
tfessiq	sg - m - none
primittiva	sg - f - none
bajdan	sg - m - none
ferkuxi	sg - m - none
sellifin	pl - none - none
żarżir	coll - m - none
tkellil	sg - m - none
imara	sg - f - none
taqjid	sg - m - none
ħtiġiet	pl - none - none
ħelwin	pl - none - none
napoleonika	sg - f - none
fissirin	pl - none - none
nittifin	pl - none - none
nassasija	pl - none - none
ħarqa	sg - f - none
piloti	pl - none - none
hellilin	pl - none - none
timjila	sg - f - none
tiswina	sg - f - none
dewwiedi	sg - m - none
ppreżentat	sg - m - none
xewlieħi	sg - m - none
tiġbisa	sg - f - none
leflifija	sg - f - none
sensala	sg - f - none
trixtila	sg - f - none
teħmida	sg - f - none
rati	pl - f - none
ħmieġa	sg - f - none
sikkitija	pl - none - none
għammiem	sg - m - none
darrabin	pl - none - none
tnikkit	sg - m - none
każin	sg - m - none
għeliem	pl - none - none
terra	sg - f - none
buqar	sg - m - none
tinkita	sg - f - none
barraxi	sg - m - none
rimors	sg - m - none
tbexlika	sg - f - none
ħabbejja	sg - f - none
kobor	sg - f - none
tberrika	sg - f - none
qanqalija	pl - none - none
tgħaffiġ	sg - m - none
wilġa	sg - f - none
attiviżmu	sg - m - none
fellieħa	sg - f - none
qbida	sg - f - none
tinġisa	sg - f - none
knejni	sg - m - diminutive
ġuramenti	pl - none - none
semmiegħ	sg - m - none
trepied	sg - m - none
mqajjma	sg - f - none
speċijiet	pl - f - none
pitrolju	sg - m - none
storbjuża	sg - f - none
madrab	sg - m - none
ippjanati	pl - none - none
uqigħ	sg - m - none
qwas	pl - none - none
asamm	none - none - comparative
belbilin	pl - none - none
mejt	sg - m - none
bażwar	sg - m - none
mixtieqa	sg - f - none
swejqiet	pl - none - none
tlissina	sg - f - none
lelluxin	pl - none - none
ħmiemel	pl - none - none
tkarrib	sg - m - none
ferriqin	pl - none - none
żaqżiqija	sg - f - none
ħallasija	sg - f - none
taħxina	sg - f - none
tberfila	sg - f - none
ġerriegħa	sg - f - none
inġenja	sg - f - none
sawwarija	pl - none - none
mirakolużi	pl - none - none
qarmieċi	sg - m - none
ajruplan	sg - m - none
qattigħija	pl - none - none
ħruqija	sg - f - none
żgorbji	pl - none - none
tgħajmiet	pl - none - none
żerrikin	pl - none - none
inutli	sg - m - none
fqigħ	sg - m - none
nugrufunijiet	pl - none - none
irreferewx	none - none - none
biżżiela	sg - f - none
żnidin	pl - none - none
aġġettivi	pl - m - none
interessata	sg - f - none
kantika	sg - f - none
ġuriji	pl - none - none
żavżafi	pl - none - none
fartsa	sg - f - none
sarsja	sg - f - none
messaġġiera	sg - f - none
irreferiet	none - none - none
dijalettiku	sg - m - none
taqsira	sg - f - none
imżattat	sg - m - none
aritmetiku	sg - m - none
ġibsin	pl - none - none
xieħ	sg - m - none
lġim	sg - m - none
suġġettivi	pl - none - none
marsupjal	sg - m - none
tbewwita	sg - f - none
gotiku	sg - m - none
spagiet	pl - none - none
briebex	pl - none - diminutive
heddejjin	pl - none - none
offensivi	pl - none - none
verdetti	pl - none - none
sħajħa	sg - f - none
dawl	sg - m - none
lewwieħ	sg - m - none
naqx	sg - m - none
emmieni	sg - m - none
tnittifa	sg - f - none
mgħajżiet	pl - none - none
rispettiva	sg - f - none
miftuħ	sg - m - none
tfetfit	sg - m - none
frawliet	pl - none - none
assigurazzjoni	sg - f - none
dallamin	pl - none - none
ekoloġiċi	pl - none - none
rkit	sg - m - none
tradotti	pl - none - none
kopertina	sg - f - none
srieken	pl - none - none
avukati	pl - m - none
sidien	pl - m - none
mneħirha	sg - m - none
differenzi	pl - f - none
faġġarin	pl - none - none
tiftiq	sg - m - none
ħabbies	sg - m - none
tfexfix	sg - m - none
tierfa	pl - none - none
ambjenti	pl - m - none
taqrif	sg - m - none
ilmenti	pl - m - none
maxtura	sg - f - none
qaddiem	sg - m - none
tisqija	sg - f - none
identitajiet	pl - f - none
ċallasin	pl - none - none
ġar	sg - m - none
midlieli	pl - none - none
serfer	sg - m - none
tari	sg - m - none
ċoqqa	sg - f - none
żejjidin	pl - none - none
surmastrijiet	pl - none - none
fiergħa	sg - f - none
enfasizzat	sg - m - none
realistika	sg - f - none
burqax	sg - m - none
rixtilin	pl - none - none
misjurin	pl - none - none
atleta	sg - m - none
infermier	sg - m - none
thellila	sg - f - none
sirda	none - f - none
bluqa	sg - f - none
tiewi	sg - m - none
skrun	sg - m - none
karbonju	sg - m - none
biblika	sg - f - none
pjaċevoli	sg - none - none
tħattir	sg - m - none
ġabbarija	sg - f - none
żaqqieqa	pl - none - none
widdieb	sg - m - none
ħatna	sg - f - none
lavrant	sg - m - none
firxiet	pl - none - none
tewwitin	pl - none - none
furbani	pl - none - none
damdim	sg - m - none
wegħiera	pl - none - none
wieqaf	sg - m - none
paċifiċi	pl - none - none
dejodorants	pl - none - none
sfieq	sg - m - none
turfien	pl - none - none
sawliet	pl - none - none
xidi	coll - none - none
munita	sg - f - none
xaħxiħija	pl - none - none
ħadd	sg - m - none
miblulin	pl - none - none
preferiti	pl - none - none
mielaħ	sg - m - none
rħajjel	sg - m - none
xhur	pl - none - none
tkartib	coll - m - none
sorpriża	sg - f - none
sakranazza	pl - none - none
ewlenija	sg - f - none
ġemmiedi 	sg - m - none
ċirkonferenzi	pl - none - none
duttur	sg - m - none
għasra	sg - f - none
qbejża	sg - f - none
fetfitin	pl - none - none
format	sg - m - none
ħatja	sg - f - none
tikbix	sg - m - none
tmesrika	sg - f - none
newwiliet	pl - none - none
kedda	sg - f - none
maniji	pl - none - none
weżwiżija	pl - none - none
żehma	sg - f - none
stkerriha	sg - f - none
qila	sg - f - none
investigazzjoni	sg - f - none
maħmiħija	pl - none - none
żimlunazza	sg - f - none
ftaqira	sg - f - none
fungu	sg - m - none
tkemmix	sg - m - none
newliet	pl - none - none
żina	none - none - none
suppervja	coll - f - none
nfidiet	pl - none - none
mewwiġija	sg - f - none
kju	sg - m - none
kuntratti	pl - m - none
romol	pl - none - none
pipa	sg - f - none
ċarratija	sg - f - none
sigrieta	sg - f - none
favetta	coll - none - none
xoffa	sg - f - none
kumpless	sg - m - none
anzjani	pl - none - none
salmura	sg - f - none
ħażniet	pl - none - none
vagabond	sg - m - none
dagħdigħin	pl - none - none
mitqal	sg - m - none
tubu	sg - m - none
xaradi	pl - none - none
mnajdra	sg - m - none
rwejjaħ	pl - none - none
melħa	sg - f - none
bermuċa	sg - f - none
żegligin	pl - none - none
ċentrali	none - none - none
ħamiema	sg - f - none
argument	sg - m - none
naħnuħin	pl - none - none
newba	sg - f - none
hemmiżin	pl - none - none
xalel	pl - none - none
serriqija	pl - none - none
pezez	pl - none - none
immens	sg - m - none
seksifin	pl - none - none
kagħak	pl - none - none
dirsiet	pl - none - none
rampil	sg - m - none
xewliħ	sg - m - none
sried	sg - m - none
relattiva	sg - f - none
ħallieba	sg - f - none
bdejju	sg - m - diminutive
vokabolarji	pl - m - none
ċanfira	sg - f - none
gelgiel	sg - m - none
qlubija	sg - f - none
llegali	pl - none - none
ħbieb	pl - none - none
ħafif	sg - m - none
tweżwiż	coll - m - none
qassari	sg - m - none
telegramm	sg - m - none
mekmieki	sg - m - none
finzjoni	sg - f - none
ġwielaq	pl - none - none
ħajjar	sg - m - none
sawwati	sg - m - none
tbaxxir	sg - m - none
tnaddif	none - none - none
mentali	none - none - none
miġnun	sg - m - none
theddida	sg - f - none
tberkil	sg - m - none
frosti	pl - none - none
dehrin	pl - none - none
irregolari	none - none - none
deċisiv	sg - m - none
taqtuqiet	pl - none - none
sedattiva	sg - f - none
nominali	sg - none - none
bekbieki	sg - m - none
tiswita	sg - f - none
qasma	sg - f - none
sfafar	pl - none - none
bibien	pl - none - none
ċenpula	sg - f - none
distribuzzjoni	sg - f - none
dilettanti	pl - none - none
tagħqil	sg - m - none
farxa	sg - f - none
ruxxmata	sg - m - none
maskli	pl - none - none
vantaġġjuż	sg - m - none
statistiki	pl - none - none
komponimenti	pl - none - none
spejjeż	pl - none - none
xullifiet	pl - none - none
bżarijiet	pl - none - none
serrieħa	pl - none - none
mniefaħ	pl - none - none
stim	sg - m - none
taħlis	sg - m - none
werċ	sg - m - none
werrikin	pl - none - none
moħbiet	pl - none - none
leffa	sg - f - none
maxta	sg - f - none
tqaxxir	sg - m - none
ferrovija	sg - f - none
tbandil	sg - m - none
tewwieta	pl - none - none
drib	sg - m - none
serra	sg - f - none
qaħħabin	pl - none - none
stazzjonarja	sg - f - none
grammatikali	pl - none - none
ġurnaliżmu	sg - m - none
maħta	sg - f - none
bereġ	pl - none - none
taħlita	sg - f - none
daqniet	pl - none - none
sinodu	sg - m - none
tnaqqijiet	pl - none - none
perjodiku	sg - m - none
skrejjen	pl - none - none
imbuttati	pl - none - none
tbelliqa	sg - f - none
ċallamija	sg - f - none
ħażżuq	sg - m - none
tbarbir	sg - m - none
bejjieni	sg - m - none
għasfura	sg - f - none
nemel	coll - m - none
movimenti	pl - m - none
miljuni	pl - none - none
tikjif	sg - m - none
ċiniża	sg - f - none
skedata	sg - f - none
Torka	sg - f - none
ratifikat	sg - m - none
sannarin	pl - none - none
intima	sg - f - none
hewdin	sg - m - none
pjanuri	pl - f - none
xandira	sg - f - none
filjozzi	pl - none - none
partiċipju	sg - m - none
reħja	sg - f - none
lubiena	pl - none - none
tgermid	sg - m - none
ħalliela	sg - f - none
taqqalija	sg - f - none
waħdinija	sg - f - none
gerfiex	sg - m - none
kartografu	sg - m - none
fragranti	pl - none - none
baga	sg - f - none
tgħaffis	sg - m - none
smejjed	pl - none - none
ħedlajt	sg - m - none
qżejqeż	sg - m - none
żewwieġ	sg - m - none
trojjani	pl - none - none
tniddijiet	pl - none - none
semen	sg - m - none
tifrix	sg - m - none
ħliefa	sg - f - none
tpassija	none - none - none
ħabbat	sg - m - none
qarrieħa	pl - none - none
plejers	pl - m - none
aġenzija	sg - f - none
duttrina	sg - f - none
żibġi	sg - m - none
liemi	sg - m - none
żelliqiet	pl - none - none
sliesel	pl - none - none
ġelbinin	pl - none - none
tislijiet	pl - none - none
mneħirhom	sg - m - none
tibsisa	sg - f - none
żanżana	pl - none - none
adegwata	sg - f - none
tibjida	sg - f - none
żabra	sg - f - none
tfajjir	sg - m - none
setgħija	sg - f - none
dlajmin	pl - none - diminutive
niċeċ	pl - none - none
tektieka	sg - f - none
mapep	pl - none - none
pupu	sg - m - none
qartas	sg - m - none
leffifin	pl - none - none
preparazzjoni	sg - f - none
tiewja	pl - none - none
passivi	pl - none - none
buzzell	sg - m - none
kwalifikat	sg - m - none
misba	sg - f - none
tpożdija	sg - f - none
iżraeljani	pl - none - none
tiktifa	sg - f - none
quċċija	sg - f - none
firi	sg - m - none
enormi	none - none - none
krejjah	sg - m - diminutive
naqsa	sg - f - none
mċaftar	sg - m - none
xiżma	sg - f - none
ħanħana	sg - f - none
intiża	sg - f - none
sistematika	sg - f - none
edukati	pl - none - none
patrun	sg - m - none
tfassila	sg - f - none
dixxaturi	pl - none - none
blejtiet	pl - none - diminutive
ramla	sg - f - none
vagun	sg - m - none
tbezzina	sg - f - none
heddiem	sg - m - none
wiċeċ	pl - none - none
loki	sg - m - none
żarżarija	pl - none - none
editorjal	sg - m - none
riferuti	pl - none - none
qanżieħa	pl - none - none
tkartiba	sg - f - none
eżotiku	sg - m - none
qattan	sg - m - none
nikkieta	sg - f - none
ħaffifija	sg - f - none
tqallita	sg - f - none
definit	sg - m - none
tħaxxib	sg - m - none
qammasa	pl - none - none
tniffid	none - none - none
selħa	sg - f - none
akkumpanjat	sg - m - none
skrittura	sg - f - none
titbina	sg - f - none
pjaċiri	pl - m - none
tqallit	sg - m - none
teħlisa	sg - f - none
rivelazzjoni	sg - f - none
aggressiva	sg - f - none
żrinġ	sg - m - none
dagħmi	sg - m - none
lewwinija	sg - f - none
reġiment	sg - m - none
baslija	sg - f - none
distint	sg - m - none
palma	sg - f - none
milsin	pl - none - none
previżjoni	sg - f - none
ċnieċel	pl - none - none
kukkudrilli	pl - none - none
mewwiġin	pl - none - none
fewġiet	pl - none - none
twelida	sg - f - none
għannejja	sg - f - none
ħaxxuba	pl - none - none
votant	sg - m - none
għassa	sg - f - none
ħalliela	sg - f - none
laqqata	sg - f - none
qanqalin	pl - none - none
spermi	pl - none - none
intrata	sg - f - none
qamel	sg - m - none
xengiela	pl - none - none
fortuna	sg - f - none
ħatta	sg - f - none
pulizjotti	pl - none - none
deffus	sg - m - none
sehwiena	sg - f - none
ħaffiefa	sg - f - none
sustanza	sg - f - none
sabbatija	pl - none - none
kittieni	sg - m - none
president	sg - m - none
tħanxir	sg - m - none
palati	pl - none - none
tħalliba	sg - f - none
żurriqija	sg - f - none
miġnunata	sg - f - none
baski	pl - none - none
kurċifiss	sg - m - none
libta	sg - f - none
tentuxa	sg - f - none
jott	sg - m - none
soror	pl - none - none
djubija	sg - f - none
ppruvat	sg - m - none
taffal	sg - m - none
kamriera	sg - f - none
reliġjużi	pl - none - none
figorina	sg - f - none
dekkuka	sg - f - none
widba	sg - f - none
tibxir	sg - m - none
faqqara	sg - f - none
mopps	pl - none - none
relazzjoni	sg - f - none
sajdien	sg - m - none
qasdara	pl - none - none
warrabi	sg - m - none
majnati	pl - none - none
isptarijiet	pl - m - none
flawt	sg - m - none
motwa	sg - f - none
brunġiliet	pl - none - none
mliegħeb	pl - none - none
storduti	pl - none - none
paga	sg - f - none
tikjita	sg - f - none
tidqis	sg - m - none
tilwima	sg - f - none
bieżla	sg - f - none
grazzja	sg - f - none
ħaġġieġa	sg - f - none
ħarrabin	pl - none - none
qaxqaxi	sg - m - none
qorriegħa	sg - f - none
qabbiżija	sg - f - none
żeblieħa	sg - f - none
anġli	pl - m - none
ħarifa	sg - f - none
ħejjibin	pl - none - none
darrabin	pl - none - none
emerġenzi	pl - f - none
taħżima	sg - f - none
veli	pl - none - none
merħijin	pl - none - none
tberriħa	sg - f - none
xeblikija	pl - none - none
wereċ	pl - none - none
dilettanta	sg - f - none
felfuliet	pl - none - none
wensi	sg - m - none
sibliet	pl - none - none
awtorizzati	pl - none - none
kontinenti	pl - m - none
siegħa	sg - f - none
pnewmonja	sg - f - none
furnara	sg - f - none
tqaxqixa	sg - f - none
baħnana	sg - f - none
banda	sg - f - none
tqannigħ	sg - m - none
taqtila	sg - f - none
faqqasin	pl - none - none
weżwiżija	sg - f - none
tidwima	sg - f - none
ippjanat	sg - m - none
tewwieqa	pl - none - none
ferħana	sg - f - none
limi	pl - none - none
ċiniċi	pl - none - none
tgħajnis	sg - m - none
kewna	sg - f - none
sultanija	sg - f - none
tmerija	sg - f - none
bieżel	sg - m - none
monastiku	sg - m - none
bqaqen	pl - none - none
letlit	coll - m - none
gustuża	sg - f - none
ministeru	sg - m - none
emmiena	pl - none - none
kitbiet	pl - none - none
tnegħis	sg - m - none
griegi	pl - none - none
ftuq	sg - m - none
tinwiħ	sg - m - none
bijodiversità	sg - f - none
bronż	coll - none - none
newwieb	sg - m - none
traħħis	none - none - none
kanarin	sg - m - none
mqajjel	sg - m - none
waqqigħija	pl - none - none
aċċident	sg - m - none
wirt	sg - m - none
naħra	sg - f - none
qartalla	sg - f - none
ferriegħi	sg - m - none
daffara	sg - f - none
koħol	pl - none - none
Griega	sg - f - none
gerrixin	pl - none - none
skwirills	pl - none - none
semmin	pl - none - none
rpoż	sg - m - none
żennuna	sg - f - none
fiddidin	pl - none - none
ħażma	sg - f - none
fattarija	sg - f - none
tilħiħa	sg - f - none
stimijiet	pl - none - none
mibrumin	pl - none - none
tarxa	sg - f - none
parlament	sg - m - none
ħafrien	sg - m - none
sostituti	pl - none - none
żunnara	sg - f - none
samm	sg - m - none
tqażqiża	sg - f - none
tħarħira	sg - f - none
mfakar	pl - none - none
istrixxa	sg - f - none
kazzijiet	pl - none - none
pipetta	sg - f - diminutive
saħħabin	pl - none - none
alla	sg - m - none
ħarriqija	sg - f - none
tibdila	sg - f - none
għażliet	pl - none - none
sajjied	sg - m - none
ġabra	sg - f - none
sinks	pl - none - none
ġegħidija	sg - f - none
invilopp	sg - m - none
indikazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
fixxa	sg - f - none
gelbilin	pl - none - none
riedni	pl - none - none
fexfiex	sg - m - none
xulliefa	coll - none - none
brażiljan	sg - m - none
ħammimin	pl - none - none
kampjuni	pl - none - none
tellar	sg - m - none
ħanfus	coll - m - none
astratt	sg - m - none
peċluqa	sg - f - none
lastkijiet	pl - none - none
ħattitin	pl - none - none
ċejjieq	sg - m - none
wiesa'	sg - m - none
jilħaqilha	sg - f - none
nżul	sg - m - none
impjegata	sg - f - none
tiġriba	sg - f - none
tenfiexa	sg - f - none
pakkett	sg - m - none
ferfuxija	sg - f - none
kant	sg - m - none
deħik	sg - m - none
shejwa	sg - f - none
unjonijiet	pl - f - none
werritija	pl - none - none
tifkir	sg - m - none
qtajgħat	pl - none - none
tmeċliqa	sg - f - none
tolleranza	sg - f - none
żekżikin	pl - none - none
rifjutat	sg - m - none
laqqaxin	pl - none - none
ċeltiku	sg - m - none
nbix	coll - m - none
saħħab	sg - m - none
pikkanti	none - none - none
immarkati	pl - none - none
ipokrisiji	pl - none - none
ġabbari	sg - m - none
qadib	sg - m - none
belbilin	pl - none - none
sogħbiena	sg - f - none
wellieda	pl - none - none
tħellif	sg - m - none
bużellieq	coll - m - none
tbeżżil	sg - m - none
glorjuża	sg - f - none
arrestat	sg - m - none
webbiena	sg - f - none
assistent	sg - m - none
dgħum	sg - m - none
indaqs	sg - f - none
importanza	sg - f - none
dwejqa	sg - f - none
dawma	sg - f - none
tnehid	none - none - none
xejra	sg - f - none
baħnan	sg - m - none
tikmixa	sg - f - none
tqajjis	sg - m - none
mawrien	sg - m - none
korretti	pl - none - none
sinodi	pl - none - none
umanitajiet	pl - f - none
tamla	sg - f - none
ħasi	sg - m - none
port	sg - m - none
musraġa	pl - none - none
nixxufiet	pl - none - none
iblaq	sg - m - none
kalzrata	sg - f - none
londri	sg - f - none
ċaċċarati	pl - none - none
ħarrub	coll - none - none
edukazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
mxerrda	sg - f - none
ketkutin	pl - none - none
fejqan	sg - m - none
eżistenza	sg - f - none
rilaxxat	sg - m - none
tmerriq	sg - m - none
shajriet	pl - none - none
tweswis	coll - m - none
tawla	sg - f - none
mrid	sg - m - none
skeċċijiet	pl - none - none
kerriehi	sg - m - none
mgħarfa	sg - f - none
baltika	sg - f - none
ċena	sg - f - none
għarfien	sg - m - none
żvolġiment	sg - m - none
twaqqigħ	sg - m - none
skruplu	sg - m - none
tifrigħ	sg - m - none
tinxif	sg - m - none
imxarrbin	pl - none - none
twerdina	sg - f - none
sebbieħa	sg - f - none
ħu	sg - m - none
musana	sg - f - none
fortifikazzjoni	sg - f - none
żarbin	coll - m - none
tabbaba	sg - f - none
nittinin	pl - none - none
plott	sg - m - none
tibniet	pl - none - none
dixxipla	sg - f - none
ħafur	coll - none - none
xenguli	sg - m - none
rumanzi	pl - m - none
ċagħqija	sg - f - none
qarriegħi	sg - m - none
fettiet	sg - m - none
ħabbej	sg - m - none
ġabba:r	sg - m - none
ħaxja	sg - f - none
kkontrollat	sg - m - none
qallieb	sg - m - none
dewwimin	pl - none - none
tiġmir	sg - m - none
ħammarin	pl - none - none
fsieqi	pl - none - none
gamumilli	pl - none - none
keċċejjin	pl - none - none
trajjaġ	none - m - none
bejbisiter	sg - m - none
tferrix	sg - m - none
saltni	sg - m - none
ingravata	sg - f - none
keffifija	sg - f - none
ġabradata	sg - f - none
blużi	pl - none - none
tiklila	sg - f - none
musulmana	sg - f - none
spazju	sg - m - none
fieqi	sg - m - none
inkwini	pl - none - none
wiżż	sg - m - none
tektikin	pl - none - none
stuffatijiet	pl - none - none
tnelliħ	sg - m - none
aħħarija	pl - none - none
parteċipanti	pl - none - none
nattiva	sg - f - none
meqjusa	sg - f - none
tniżżil	sg - m - none
mezz	sg - m - none
sibja	sg - f - none
telliegħa	pl - none - none
bxara	sg - f - none
tkennina	sg - f - none
simpatiji	pl - none - none
lostru	sg - m - none
tifrigħa	sg - f - none
gandoffli	pl - none - none
taffejjin	pl - none - none
kosta	sg - f - none
sawwari	sg - m - none
komplementi	pl - none - none
qafliet	pl - none - none
katusi	pl - none - none
gelbiel	sg - m - none
drogi	pl - none - none
żwejmla	pl - none - none
ħxejjen	sg - m - diminutive
ħrubija	sg - f - none
kartieri	pl - none - none
distinzjoni	sg - f - none
dqajqiet	pl - none - none
pipetti	pl - none - none
lapsijiet	pl - none - none
vittorja	sg - f - none
tnehida	sg - f - none
manjiera	sg - f - none
żebbieġa	sg - f - none
titnijiet	pl - none - none
irreferewx	none - none - none
warrad	sg - m - none
salt	sg - m - none
ħarriebi	sg - m - none
misliet	pl - none - none
granċijiet	pl - none - none
ħatar	sg - m - none
tlaqqita	sg - f - none
qallati	sg - m - none
kroata	sg - f - none
ħotba	sg - f - none
serratura	sg - f - none
għana	sg - f - none
daffara	pl - none - none
tmerriqa	sg - f - none
flawtijiet	pl - m - none
raħsa	none - none - none
taħrifa	sg - f - none
taqdifa	sg - f - none
taħġib	sg - m - none
miblugħa	sg - f - none
qarrieqi	pl - none - none
kerrihin	pl - none - none
girlanda	sg - f - none
xenxilija	sg - f - none
fidwa	sg - f - none
bidja	sg - f - none
rivalità	sg - f - none
tikketti	pl - none - none
sanna	sg - f - none
profondi	pl - none - none
mitruxa	pl - none - none
blejbliet	pl - none - diminutive
tiġbil	sg - m - none
taqxir	sg - m - none
ħedla	sg - f - none
teqgħida	sg - f - none
pruwiet	pl - none - none
tqammir	sg - m - none
żmerald	sg - m - none
pluraliżmu	sg - m - none
tnittin	sg - m - none
iranjan	sg - m - none
hellieli	sg - m - none
middi	none - none - none
poża	sg - f - none
disperazzjonijiet	pl - none - none
żgħajjar	sg - m - none
abbaziji	pl - none - none
għaġuża	sg - none - none
maħtab	sg - m - none
qassamija	sg - f - none
numerika	sg - f - none
qabrija	sg - f - none
ċatta	sg - f - none
dwejjaq	pl - none - none
tilhiġa	sg - f - none
tul	sg - m - none
tewmi	sg - m - none
qabbara	pl - none - none
tbiddil 	sg - m - none
ellittiċi	pl - none - none
informazzjoni	coll - f - none
tertiq	coll - m - none
seksifa	sg - f - none
eżamijiet	pl - none - none
ponnijiet	pl - none - none
taqrifa	sg - f - none
wardiet	pl - none - none
ħabsija	sg - f - none
pastażalji	pl - none - none
mibruma	pl - none - none
brix	sg - m - none
għada	sg - f - none
tiġjib	sg - m - none
isem	sg - m - none
ħarrajja	pl - none - none
żrejgħiet	pl - none - none
daħkanin	pl - none - none
waqqafa	pl - none - none
antibijotiku	sg - m - none
żwejġiet	pl - none - none
serpi	pl - none - none
servizzjal	sg - m - none
xipli	sg - m - none
ftir	sg - m - none
teknoloġija	sg - f - none
tektikin	pl - none - none
djoċesi	sg - f - none
tinfiq	sg - m - none
taħlil	sg - m - none
ħmiet	pl - none - none
ġwejfa	sg - f - diminutive
ċentimetri	pl - none - none
ferridija	sg - f - none
stikka	sg - f - none
ħattieti	sg - m - none
mistennija	pl - none - none
żrib	sg - m - none
impossibbli	none - none - none
imbeżża'	none - none - none
tibkita	sg - f - none
faħħaxin	pl - none - none
razzjonaliżmu	sg - m - none
ħaddieli	sg - m - none
mewwiet	sg - m - none
robotiku	sg - m - none
tawwalija	pl - none - none
serriħija	pl - none - none
mira	sg - f - none
massivi	pl - none - none
ħsir	sg - m - none
twatwit	sg - m - none
sekkinija	pl - none - none
sfinġa	sg - f - none
żgħajrin	pl - none - none
saħħanija	sg - f - none
busti	pl - m - none
kriżi	sg - f - none
xugamani	pl - none - none
twaqqit	sg - m - none
virga	sg - f - none
mogħża	sg - f - none
permanenti	pl - none - none
legliega	pl - none - none
valiġetti	pl - none - none
tiżwiqa	sg - f - none
nfafar	pl - none - none
qabbilija	pl - none - none
sikkiet	sg - m - none
mneżżgħin	pl - none - none
qażwita	sg - f - none
marradi	sg - m - none
sigarri	pl - none - none
tleffifa	sg - f - none
ħżana	sg - f - none
xikk	sg - m - none
valur	sg - m - none
qdajmin	pl - none - none
ħawt	sg - m - none
wennisin	pl - none - none
semmi	sg - m - none
għolja	sg - f - none
żaqżiqin	pl - none - none
tkebbib	sg - m - none
nomi	pl - m - none
mniegħel	pl - none - none
sufiet	pl - none - none
mirbuħa	pl - none - none
qamel	coll - none - none
ħassiela	sg - f - none
ċallama	sg - f - none
muskoli	pl - none - none
kaħli	sg - m - none
prudenti	sg - f - none
qamat	sg - m - none
bewwiesi	sg - m - none
riflessi	pl - m - none
xermied	sg - m - none
serriqin	pl - none - none
ħabbilin	pl - none - none
atomika	sg - f - none
sarriet	pl - none - none
taqqabija	pl - none - none
qsima	sg - f - none
mezz	sg - m - none
ħnienaq	pl - none - none
żelqiet	pl - none - none
tinsila	sg - f - none
sraf	sg - m - none
toqbin	pl - none - none
rakkonti	pl - none - none
sinjur	sg - m - none
tinwira	sg - f - none
ċirkonferenza	sg - f - none
tinjiba	sg - f - none
trasformazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
sekkikin	pl - none - none
bożnijaka	sg - f - none
kambjali	pl - none - none
armonjuża	sg - f - none
gideb	coll - m - none
xirkiet	pl - none - none
bebbuxu	sg - f - none
hewdina	sg - f - none
pornografiċi	pl - none - none
tbezzin	sg - m - none
ħamranija	sg - f - none
vulgari	pl - none - none
tiwjin	pl - none - none
gerrum	sg - m - none
trab	coll - m - none
teatri	pl - m - none
miżż	sg - m - none
titrix	sg - m - none
barbarin	pl - none - none
widdien	sg - m - none
xriek	sg - m - none
ħlejba	sg - f - diminutive
xażi	sg - m - none
mekmikija	sg - f - none
poetiċi	pl - none - none
żabrija	pl - none - none
senserijiet	pl - none - none
mlalet	pl - none - none
virtù	sg - m - none
manifestazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
xjuħ	pl - none - none
perrieċa	pl - none - none
mċarrtin	pl - none - none
ħaġġieġ	sg - m - none
ċorom	pl - none - none
skedi	pl - none - none
wirta	sg - f - none
sarsir	sg - m - none
astratti	pl - none - none
wiċċinin	pl - none - none
awtokratiċi	pl - none - none
belġjana	sg - f - none
ħsaratejn	dl - none - none
swajfa	sg - f - none
kundizzjoni	sg - f - none
sabb	none - m - none
Maltija	sg - f - none
dehin	sg - m - none
għaġeż	none - none - none
ċagħqija	sg - f - none
korp	sg - m - none
tbattil	sg - m - none
demm	sg - m - none
ħajjarin	pl - none - none
diżunuri	pl - none - none
niffied	sg - m - none
teffiegħi	sg - m - none
żanżin	coll - m - none
sawwab	sg - m - none
tballita	sg - f - none
knejnija	sg - f - diminutive
tnalji	pl - none - none
żenbil	sg - m - none
mormrar	sg - m - none
pejjiepa	pl - none - none
żmeraldi	pl - none - none
televotazzjoni	sg - f - none
skema	sg - f - none
konz	sg - m - none
repubblikana	sg - f - none
ħesa	sg - m - none
dilka	sg - f - none
karban	sg - m - none
kissieba	sg - f - none
kanadiża	sg - f - none
inġusta	sg - f - none
seffieda	pl - none - none
amerikana	sg - f - none
kfief	pl - none - none
dlieli	sg - m - none
taħbitiet	pl - none - none
tibsimiet	pl - none - none
sigurtà	sg - f - none
sefsiefi	sg - m - none
bolqa	sg - f - none
kutri	pl - none - none
sarraġa	pl - none - none
taqdis	sg - m - none
tejiet	pl - none - none
sikkatura	sg - f - none
bżejqiet	pl - none - none
fewwiġin	pl - none - none
imħeġġin	pl - none - none
dulligħat	pl - none - none
magħtuba	pl - none - none
baqbuqin	pl - none - none
tewħima	sg - f - none
ismen	none - none - comparative
ndaf	pl - none - none
armeni	pl - none - none
tejjieba	sg - f - none
trabi	pl - none - none
ħamsiet	pl - none - none
għotjiet	pl - none - none
tiżnijiet	pl - none - none
piżella	sg - f - none
topiċi	pl - none - none
msarsra	sg - f - none
suvenirs	pl - none - none
familjari	none - none - none
mansi	pl - none - none
brejbex	sg - m - diminutive
qaddejja	pl - none - none
ħatfiet	pl - none - none
rqim	sg - m - none
debutti	pl - none - none
terriħija	pl - none - none
dandanija	sg - f - none
faġan	sg - m - none
tikkjatura	sg - f - none
tibwisa	sg - f - none
brażiljani	pl - none - none
seffieq	sg - m - none
qordien	coll - m - none
moħħ	sg - m - none
palla	sg - f - none
mejjet	sg - m - none
widdibija	pl - none - none
assoċjat	sg - m - none
kummidjant	sg - f - none
nehieda	sg - f - none
muftieħ	sg - m - none
titfija	sg - f - none
krejha	sg - f - diminutive
sawwafija	pl - none - none
ambaxxati	pl - f - none
fartasa	sg - f - none
ironiku	sg - m - none
tabbabija	sg - f - none
tewwiet	sg - m - none
għarfa	sg - f - none
fgħal	sg - m - none
metrika	sg - f - none
tfaqqisa	sg - f - none
taħjira	sg - f - none
qawwija	sg - f - none
naħħarija	pl - none - none
kantanti	pl - none - none
qasqasi	sg - m - none
mxerred	sg - m - none
għawwejja	pl - none - none
ħaddiel	sg - m - none
sewwiqin	pl - none - none
ħemdin	pl - none - none
żebbieda	sg - f - none
perrieċa	sg - f - none
possibilità	sg - f - none
bnin	sg - m - none
ħafriet	pl - none - none
trajġa	sg - f - none
profitt	sg - m - none
qżiżati	pl - none - none
ħasran	sg - m - none
żikma	sg - m - none
nemxin	pl - none - none
ħabsin	pl - none - none
żagarelli	pl - none - none
fatali	none - none - none
setgħija	pl - none - none
wegħidija	pl - none - none
kiefra	sg - f - none
tagħbix	sg - m - none
bċejċa	sg - f - diminutive
ħaxxuna	sg - f - none
gerriemi	sg - m - none
metru	sg - m - none
kirurġiku	sg - m - none
delikat	sg - m - none
tiżwiqiet	pl - none - none
tawri	pl - none - none
tgħakkis	sg - m - none
lulju	sg - m - none
tmeddid	sg - m - none
żafir	sg - m - none
kasbarija	sg - f - none
tawwalin	pl - none - none
strateġija	sg - f - none
ċikliżmu	sg - m - none
moqżieża	sg - f - none
ħuttaf	coll - m - none
qattiegħ	sg - m - none
tliegħi	pl - none - none
plajja	sg - f - none
qanfidija	pl - none - none
marradija	sg - f - none
ġiraff	sg - m - none
aċċidenti	pl - m - none
taqbil	sg - m - none
rqiqa	sg - f - none
twerrix	sg - m - none
larinġ	coll - none - none
tqajla	sg - f - none
tfesfisiet	pl - none - none
sakkarija	sg - f - none
iżraq	sg - m - none
ħellisija	sg - f - none
fwied	sg - m - none
ħanxarija	sg - f - none
hedu	sg - m - none
taħxiba	sg - f - none
barramin	pl - none - none
zappatura	sg - f - none
distinta	sg - f - none
ħassa	sg - f - none
tqartis	coll - m - none
wessieqa	sg - f - none
tqardixa	sg - f - none
nigħa	sg - f - none
nqib	sg - m - none
ħaxxiem	sg - m - none
żengulin	pl - none - none
qażquż	sg - m - none
qmejla	sg - f - none
mitlufa	sg - f - none
egoiżmu	sg - m - none
tmewwisa	sg - f - none
mellieħa	sg - f - none
kollaboratur	sg - m - none
sejjibin	pl - none - none
qattilija	pl - none - none
maqras	sg - m - none
saħħanin	pl - none - none
hġinin	pl - none - none
ħabbilin	pl - none - none
bagħbus	sg - m - none
berbixija	sg - f - none
snasar	pl - none - none
tmaħħir	sg - m - none
tames	sg - m - none
idoli	pl - none - none
qigħan	pl - f - none
ħamħum	sg - m - none
basliet	pl - none - none
zejjizija	sg - f - none
bekkitin	pl - none - none
qaddej	sg - m - none
kantiki	pl - none - none
nervituri	pl - none - none
xedaq	sg - m - none
taħbitiet	pl - none - none
żejjiet	sg - m - none
invenzjonijiet	pl - f - none
struttura	sg - f - none
roqgħa	sg - f - none
żawwalin	pl - none - none
injam	coll - none - none
persjani	pl - none - none
kelmiet	pl - none - none
traġġil	none - none - none
tanburin	sg - m - none
nigżiet	pl - none - none
tnemmix	sg - m - none
naqqajja	sg - f - none
naqqarin	pl - none - none
modi	pl - m - none
marki	pl - f - none
tkeċċija	sg - f - none
tiċpisa	sg - f - none
tlewwina	sg - f - none
tħellifa	sg - f - none
frugħat	pl - none - none
weswiesi	sg - m - none
sibjiet	pl - none - none
mqajjma	pl - none - none
webbilija	pl - none - none
xjafek	pl - none - none
muturi	pl - m - none
baqqunier	sg - m - none
kjus	pl - none - none
isaħħru	pl - none - none
tħassira	sg - f - none
deċisivi	pl - none - none
furja	sg - f - none
reliġjon	sg - m - none
saħqiet	pl - none - none
żajbra	sg - f - none
kappun	sg - m - none
każini	pl - none - none
nqax	pl - none - none
sakkara	pl - none - none
baqqa	sg - f - none
fejġla	sg - f - diminutive
preġudizzji	pl - none - none
tfulijiet	pl - none - none
musfara	sg - f - none
emminin	pl - none - none
diskussi	pl - none - none
mazza	sg - f - none
talba	sg - f - none
despota	sg - m - none
ħaddiem	sg - m - none
żafiri	pl - none - none
għazz	sg - m - none
sellikin	pl - none - none
baqquniera	pl - none - none
taqfis	sg - m - none
purtieri	pl - none - none
dura	sg - f - none
eħżen	none - none - none
tħanfis	sg - m - none
bufula	sg - f - none
ħarfixin	pl - none - none
brava	sg - f - none
għażżien	sg - m - none
moviment	sg - m - none
saffarin	pl - none - none
sajbords	pl - none - none
nażi	pl - none - none
monastiċi	pl - none - none
kondotta	sg - f - none
reliġjonijiet	pl - m - none
magħadi	sg - m - none
semmiena	sg - f - none
tierfa	sg - f - none
qabda	sg - f - none
dentista	sg - f - none
seffidija	sg - f - none
pedala	sg - f - none
paspara	sg - f - none
waqqati	sg - m - none
ġummajz	sg - m - none
mattalija	sg - f - none
mselliet	pl - none - none
utenti	pl - m - none
mewġin	pl - none - none
gruppi	pl - m - none
njieb	pl - none - none
ġebbisija	sg - f - none
nagħsa	sg - f - none
skedat	sg - m - none
preistoriċi	pl - none - none
gerriżin	pl - none - none
abbissi	pl - none - none
mdaqq	sg - m - none
bħit	sg - m - none
lemmi	pl - none - none
multi	pl - none - none
rinomat	sg - m - none
emminin	pl - none - none
ħxim	sg - m - none
qxajrija	sg - f - none
taħbira	sg - f - none
tħalliq	sg - m - none
ħati	sg - m - none
taflijiet	pl - none - none
tilqigħa	sg - f - none
biżantin	sg - m - none
titbiqa	sg - f - none
saħħaba	pl - none - none
sorm	sg - m - none
onorevoli	sg - none - none
xegħil	sg - m - none
infidil	sg - m - none
dublett	sg - m - none
dominju	sg - m - none
Kattolika	sg - f - none
zekzieka	pl - none - none
seffudiet	pl - none - none
paħaħħa	pl - none - none
qammat	sg - m - none
swafi	pl - none - none
granċ	sg - m - none
tqarbina	sg - f - none
barrax	sg - m - none
keskisija	pl - none - none
bont	sg - m - none
qżieqeż	pl - none - none
mseqqra	sg - f - none
nemmilija	pl - none - none
nżulin	pl - none - none
għażżiel	sg - m - none
imbroljuna	sg - f - none
identika	sg - f - none
tistiħ	sg - m - none
aptiti	pl - none - none
għeja	sg - f - none
żinjiet	pl - none - none
buskett	sg - m - none
rutelli	pl - none - none
vapuretti	pl - none - none
djiem	pl - none - none
taħtir	sg - m - none
irkant	sg - m - none
sebbieħa	pl - none - none
tenfixin	pl - none - none
semmien	sg - m - none
qamla	sg - f - none
dwal	pl - none - none
ħabbisin	pl - none - none
famuż	sg - m - none
films	pl - m - none
taqsir	sg - m - none
invażjonijiet	pl - f - none
taxex	pl - none - none
mod	sg - m - none
dejjinin	pl - none - none
tfexfixa	sg - f - none
twajla	pl - none - none
xewliħin	pl - none - none
kittief	sg - m - none
qdajjem	sg - m - none
tgiddimiet	pl - none - none
żjut	pl - none - none
sekkiena	pl - none - none
kuntatt	sg - m - none
nixxufa	sg - f - none
kiefer	sg - m - none
pufti	pl - none - none
ġlajjet	pl - none - none
sultanija	sg - f - none
ewkaristiku	sg - m - none
varjanti	none - none - none
teftufa	sg - f - none
lebbettiet	pl - none - none
kelba	sg - f - none
kaptani	pl - m - none
palpitazzjonijiet	pl - none - none
gerriema	sg - f - none
xagħara	sg - f - none
rebbieħa	pl - none - none
sengħa	sg - f - none
stili	pl - m - none
xurban	sg - m - none
forniment	sg - m - none
paħaħħu	sg - m - none
waħħaxa	pl - none - none
rimborż	sg - m - none
soċjaliżmu	sg - m - none
wekkejjin	pl - none - none
żengulija	pl - none - none
zenziena	sg - f - none
miċċa	sg - f - none
bint	sg - f - none
titħir	sg - m - none
gowlkipers	pl - m - none
żaqqiqin	pl - none - none
gżiewer	pl - none - none
ġebbiedi	sg - m - none
waqqafin	pl - none - none
brawżers	pl - none - none
fornitur	sg - m - none
terremoti	pl - none - none
qarba	sg - f - none
tperpir	coll - m - none
tindim	none - none - none
femiċidju	sg - m - none
hemmież	sg - m - none
appuntament	sg - m - none
taqdif	sg - m - none
konnotazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
onesti	pl - none - none
traħħim	sg - m - none
laħliħa	sg - f - none
andrijiet	pl - none - none
mgħollijin	pl - none - none
sarririn	pl - none - none
mgħallem	sg - m - none
ġidrijiet	pl - none - none
ċwieċ	pl - none - none
perriċin	pl - none - none
sezzjoni	sg - f - none
qardaxa	pl - none - none
paċenzja	sg - f - none
ħatniet	pl - none - none
kwistjoni	sg - f - none
doċoċ	pl - none - none
ċiniżi	pl - none - none
rawnds	pl - m - none
amministrattivi	pl - none - none
soċjali	none - none - none
mżejbla	sg - f - none
wegħier	sg - m - none
ġiddimija	sg - f - none
zappapa	pl - none - none
koinċidenzi	pl - none - none
rejżers	pl - none - none
lixki	pl - none - none
batut	sg - m - none
manqab	sg - m - mimated
miżirgħa	sg - f - none
beżżiegħa	sg - f - none
sebbiela	pl - none - none
tleħħina	sg - f - none
ħarrieqa	sg - f - none
ġermaniża	sg - f - none
kixfa	sg - f - none
individwu	sg - m - none
lussu	sg - m - none
imħeġġa	sg - f - none
timwiġa	sg - f - none
ħexba	sg - f - none
tarf	sg - m - none
proprji	pl - none - none
setta	sg - f - none
ilħaħ	pl - none - comparative
ħelwan	sg - m - none
rettili	pl - m - none
mrażżan	sg - m - none
ħżunija	sg - f - none
mogħżi	sg - m - none
porog	pl - none - none
kompjuter	sg - m - none
miftuħin	pl - none - none
xaħxieħ	sg - m - none
provduti	pl - none - none
belbul	sg - m - none
kaffari	sg - m - none
ħtin	sg - m - none
kittibin	pl - none - none
lewwiem	sg - m - none
tennejja	sg - f - none
reviżjoni	sg - f - none
massakru	sg - m - none
programmatika	sg - f - none
applikat	sg - m - none
mniġġsa	sg - f - none
statiċi	pl - none - none
midħal	sg - m - none
sinsliet	pl - none - none
ħamħimija	sg - f - none
mewġ	sg - m - none
ħuttafa	sg - f - none
mrawwem	sg - m - none
tawwata	sg - f - none
fardal	sg - m - none
dehhiesa	sg - f - none
tilwina	sg - f - none
benefattur	sg - m - none
tiskika	sg - f - none
qmejliet	pl - none - none
pinzetti	pl - none - none
tiżmima	sg - f - none
tqamisa	sg - f - none
raxkettur	sg - m - none
fratas	pl - none - none
gandoffla	sg - f - none
qajjimin	pl - none - none
ċelebrazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
tibriġ	sg - m - none
laħmin	pl - none - none
twaħħid	sg - m - none
żbubija	sg - f - none
ċattra	sg - f - none
battamin	pl - none - none
sarwil	coll - m - none
taqgħida	sg - f - none
xorb	sg - m - none
newwiel	sg - m - none
qarsa	sg - f - none
sann	sg - m - none
nannakola	sg - f - none
tikmixa	sg - f - none
telespettatur	sg - m - none
pet	sg - m - none
tkerċiħ	sg - m - none
veduti	pl - none - none
taħħara	sg - f - none
nxiefa	none - f - none
mustaċċ	sg - m - none
nisranija	sg - f - none
problema	sg - f - none
ubbidjenzi	pl - f - none
xortijiet	pl - none - none
weġgħanin	pl - none - none
newwilija	pl - none - none
pexixa	sg - f - none
proċessi	pl - m - none
leħen	sg - m - none
nxufija	sg - f - none
tniġġisa	sg - f - none
mixjiet	pl - f - none
taħħanija	sg - f - none
triġ	sg - m - none
berbiexi	sg - m - none
żenqa	sg - m - none
teorija	sg - f - none
twerwira	sg - f - none
meżmiżin	pl - none - none
interjuri	sg - m - none
odju	sg - m - none
iswed	sg - m - none
leqqiena	sg - f - none
żemmilin	pl - none - none
qastiet	pl - none - none
ħabrieka	sg - f - none
akkwistata	sg - f - none
fessejjin	pl - none - none
tiżfita	sg - f - none
fiddin	pl - none - none
webbinija	sg - f - none
tiżliq	sg - m - none
konfederazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
saqwija	pl - none - none
darrasi	sg - m - none
żanżani	sg - m - none
riprodotti	pl - none - none
Maltin	pl - none - none
kotba	pl - none - none
biedja	sg - f - none
mensili	pl - none - none
mgħażqa	sg - f - none
snied	pl - none - none
nefqiet	pl - none - none
dendulija	sg - f - none
xatt	sg - m - none
żemmiel	sg - m - none
awtentiċi	pl - none - none
taħxim	sg - m - none
pupi	pl - none - none
perikli	pl - m - none
tagħtigħ	coll - m - none
wissejjin	pl - none - none
rmieda	sg - f - none
qattieli	sg - m - none
tgergixa	sg - f - none
urejqa	sg - f - none
travi	pl - none - none
taqtigħa	sg - f - none
kabbarija	sg - f - none
fratas	pl - none - none
minkeb	sg - m - mimated
dud	coll - m - none
ruman	sg - m - none
żellieġa	sg - f - none
esaġerata	sg - f - none
fitt	sg - m - none
nixxufa	sg - f - none
tidkik	sg - m - none
daqsiex	sg - m - none
numeruż	sg - m - none
niżżiliet	pl - none - none
filosofi	pl - m - none
tunellati	pl - none - none
waħxija	sg - f - none
tewm	coll - m - none
tiżbil	sg - m - none
ideal	sg - m - none
niffiex	sg - m - none
mħakka	sg - f - none
kakka	pl - none - none
tfettit	sg - m - none
rejnkowts	pl - none - none
dazju	sg - m - none
mdennes	sg - m - none
sawla	sg - f - none
basra	sg - f - none
tislim	sg - m - none
tidmil	sg - m - none
xengiela	sg - f - none
titnisa	sg - f - none
parkijiet	pl - none - none
ritmi	pl - m - none
sarrama	pl - none - none
sellieħa	pl - none - none
karwata	sg - f - none
formola	sg - f - none
kmieni	none - none - none
rotot	pl - none - none
ħarbiet	pl - none - none
sekonda	sg - f - none
tbaħħit	sg - m - none
tmehila	sg - f - none
tbaqqiqa	sg - f - none
plejer	sg - m - none
slejta	sg - f - none
libjani	pl - none - none
taljoli	pl - none - none
lgħab	sg - m - none
żipps	pl - none - none
insalati	pl - none - none
ġiddiem	sg - m - none
sarrafi	sg - m - none
midliela	sg - f - none
avventuri	pl - f - none
slovakka	sg - f - none
pipi	pl - none - none
debħa	sg - f - none
pożizzjonat	sg - m - none
qlajlet	sg - m - none
mxija	sg - f - none
tmejjil	sg - m - none
tiġnib	sg - m - none
żgura	sg - f - none
diżarmoniji	pl - none - none
qamħ	sg - m - none
daqqasija	sg - f - none
sawwarija	sg - f - none
daqquqa	sg - f - none
tbaqbiq	sg - m - none
sarraġin	pl - none - none
qradax	pl - none - none
boqoq	pl - none - none
spanjoli	pl - none - none
bikrin	pl - none - none
bħur	sg - m - none
sentiment	sg - m - none
passjonijiet	pl - f - none
taqqab	sg - m - none
magħrufin	pl - none - none
fejjidija	sg - f - none
studjuża	sg - f - none
ħbiż	sg - m - none
terrieħ	sg - m - none
taqriqa	sg - f - none
binjiet	pl - f - none
żwieq	sg - m - none
tnaqqir	sg - m - none
xarbiet	pl - none - none
qnieżaħ	pl - none - none
tawħir	sg - m - none
tiżliġ	sg - m - none
qammilija	sg - f - none
mistqarrijiet	pl - none - none
ingrati	pl - none - none
adulta	sg - f - none
kejkijiet	pl - none - none
bżonn	sg - m - none
sarsarin	pl - none - none
sejħ	sg - m - none
qammara	pl - none - none
berbixin	pl - none - none
tamima	sg - f - none
naħa	sg - f - none
fettieħa	sg - f - none
skurjata	sg - f - none
tbettiħ	sg - m - none
teoretiku	sg - m - none
ħrejfiet	pl - none - none
preferit	sg - m - none
estint	sg - m - none
għalik	sg - m - none
żrieraq	pl - none - none
sindikat	sg - m - none
għerien	pl - none - none
ewgħiedi	pl - none - none
mħaleġ	pl - none - none
qarrasija	pl - none - none
attenti	pl - none - none
rxiex	coll - none - none
indirett	sg - m - none
fissidin	pl - none - none
tqaqija	sg - f - none
qaddiema	sg - f - none
qarrieħa	sg - f - none
mimxuta	sg - f - none
manifestazzjoni	sg - f - none
ispirti	pl - m - none
grossa	sg - f - none
utejqin	pl - none - none
ħannusa	sg - f - none
żebbiġija	sg - f - none
ħotob	pl - none - none
maħħati	sg - m - none
kuntent	sg - m - none
sejjiebi	sg - m - none
żebbigħin	pl - none - none
fettiel	sg - m - none
għabid	sg - m - none
dwieb	pl - none - none
tlewwiż	sg - m - none
sigarett	sg - m - none
sallabin	pl - none - none
gerbibin	pl - none - none
ħabbej	sg - m - none
sbula	sg - f - none
tendenzi	pl - f - none
tilbit	sg - m - none
pulita	sg - f - none
użufrutti	pl - none - none
berbieqi	sg - m - none
bolqiet	pl - none - none
materjaliżmu	sg - m - none
ħeġġiem	sg - m - none
tidhis	sg - m - none
kapott	sg - m - none
maqjem	sg - m - none
morfoloġija	sg - f - none
xbejba	sg - f - none
molekulari	none - none - none
ċaċċir	sg - m - none
werriexi	sg - m - none
maħwar	sg - m - none
meċmiċija	pl - none - none
tixtil	sg - m - none
mus	sg - m - none
salvagwardji	pl - none - none
dottorat	sg - m - none
kont	sg - m - none
bażwarin	pl - none - none
kittiena	sg - f - none
ħrar	sg - m - none
tidrija	sg - f - none
paspara	pl - none - none
qaddidin	pl - none - none
ħlis	sg - m - none
tidniba	sg - f - none
daqsiena	sg - f - none
neputi	sg - m - none
maqjum	sg - m - none
akkużata	sg - f - none
miblula	sg - f - none
dagħmimin	pl - none - none
sabbarin	pl - none - none
niġġiesa	sg - f - none
matla	sg - f - none
unifikata	sg - f - none
sinjura	sg - f - none
heżżież	sg - m - none
ħawwadin	pl - none - none
invitati	pl - none - none
geżwiera	pl - none - none
najjari	sg - m - none
viżjoni	sg - f - none
ġgant	sg - m - none
tibqiq	sg - m - none
legligiet	pl - none - none
kalma	sg - f - none
tbewwiġ	sg - m - none
tmejliq	coll - m - none
tfixkila	sg - f - none
xfieq	pl - none - none
ftakir	sg - m - none
tbaqiq	none - none - none
risq	sg - m - none
ħiemda	sg - f - none
tfellika	sg - f - none
ħatt	sg - m - none
saħħaqi	sg - m - none
żinżla	sg - f - none
innovattivi	pl - none - none
laħliħin	pl - none - none
heddidin	pl - none - none
mtappna	sg - f - none
ċilen	sg - m - none
rampili	pl - none - none
relatat	sg - m - none
maħlulin	pl - none - none
ulċera	sg - f - none
rifjutata	sg - f - none
zuppjaturi	pl - none - none
kalibru	sg - m - none
tifsiq	sg - m - none
dehiexi	sg - m - none
tamtir	sg - m - none
ħudja	sg - f - none
tqajbiet	pl - none - none
formats	pl - m - none
tħin	sg - m - none
kakkajjin	pl - none - none
tagħlimiet	pl - none - none
żerżiqija	sg - f - none
traqqid	sg - m - none
tfażżira	sg - f - none
kasbarija	pl - none - none
tħarkin	sg - m - none
sawwar	sg - m - none
bojkott	sg - m - none
saffi	pl - none - none
tixlif	sg - m - none
bkuri	sg - m - none
tifriqa	sg - f - none
brittaniċi	pl - none - none
dejjieni	sg - m - none
każijiet	pl - m - none
messieħ	sg - m - none
qawqbija	sg - f - none
fiddieda	sg - f - none
tebbieq	sg - m - none
gari	pl - none - none
tammasa	sg - f - none
sebbiliet	pl - none - none
żafżafija	pl - none - none
tehlila	sg - f - none
sepulkri	pl - none - none
maqta	sg - f - none
tifdida	sg - f - none
sefjiet	pl - none - none
mirakli	pl - none - none
mnadar	pl - none - none
dejjaq	sg - m - none
sewwieq	sg - m - none
krakar	pl - none - none
ċċelebrati	pl - none - none
tħejjib	sg - m - none
żagħfranija	sg - f - none
sawwabin	pl - none - none
mqajta	sg - f - diminutive
fusien	pl - none - none
nadir	none - none - none
taħbiża	sg - f - none
sawna	sg - f - none
żajjar	sg - m - none
speċjalizzat	sg - m - none
herrież	sg - m - none
nefqa	sg - m - none
storduta	sg - f - none
ġarrab	sg - m - none
gandott	sg - m - none
tibżiqa	sg - f - none
ħassadija	sg - f - none
sajjidija	pl - none - none
farrakija	sg - f - none
niesi	sg - m - none
qaffiel	sg - m - none
okkupata	sg - f - none
ġwejfin	pl - none - none
waqqafiet	pl - none - none
bewwieba	sg - f - none
ottimista	sg - f - none
ħbejjeb	sg - m - none
ħżunija	sg - f - none
edituri	pl - m - none
formulati	pl - none - none
ġilda	sg - f - none
infidili	pl - none - none
niggiżin	pl - none - none
qrajsa	sg - f - none
niżżiela	sg - f - none
paċieri	pl - none - none
skjav	sg - m - none
arloġġiera	sg - f - none
tħaddin	sg - m - none
tibkim	sg - m - none
ġerħiet	pl - none - none
pulċinella	sg - f - none
tqejjima	sg - f - none
gerrumin	pl - none - none
turxanin	pl - none - none
meċlieqa	sg - f - none
ħelwiet	pl - none - none
karrettuni	pl - none - none
gallerijiet	pl - none - none
fiġla	sg - f - none
rivolver	sg - m - none
żmienijiet	pl - m - none
suttana	sg - f - none
ksib	sg - m - none
miġbel 	sg - m - none
trendija	sg - f - none
immigrazzjoni	sg - f - none
ħarriefa	sg - f - none
subordinat	sg - m - none
katakombijiet	pl - none - none
tawr	sg - m - none
makakk	sg - m - none
semmiegħa	sg - f - none
anzjani	pl - none - none
neffieħ	sg - m - none
provinċji	pl - f - none
mnisslin	pl - none - none
taħmir	sg - m - none
kantikli	pl - none - none
sebbieħ	sg - m - none
ħabbej	sg - m - none
diefa	sg - f - none
peċpiċin	pl - none - none
karrabin	pl - none - none
merużi	pl - none - none
mistednin	pl - none - none
żbubija	pl - none - none
artisti	pl - m - none
tifsila	sg - f - none
għaġin	sg - m - none
wiġġibija	sg - f - none
pulmuni	pl - none - none
leffiefi	sg - m - none
ħabta	sg - f - none
gabirjola	sg - f - none
ġeddidin	pl - none - none
wirka	pl - none - none
manutenzjoni	sg - f - none
pepprina	sg - f - none
eletti	pl - none - none
kkontrollati	pl - none - none
taħkik	sg - m - none
poeżija	sg - f - none
tehriż	sg - m - none
heddidija	sg - f - none
pulpetta	sg - f - none
seffiefi	sg - m - none
geżwiera	sg - f - none
bahradin	pl - none - none
residenti	pl - m - none
qlejgħa	sg - f - none
sawmiet	pl - none - none
titbib	sg - m - none
ġidrija	sg - f - none
tarrad	sg - m - none
ħaxxinija	sg - f - none
divers	sg - m - none
sangisug	sg - m - none
objettivi	pl - none - none
kxif	sg - m - none
fiswija	sg - f - none
debbilija	sg - f - none
dielja	sg - f - none
fliexken	pl - none - none
taqwim	sg - m - none
fortizzi	pl - none - none
bżajra	sg - f - diminutive
berbieqi	sg - m - none
sigarru	sg - m - none
bażbaża	sg - f - none
sodod	pl - none - none
tiskina	sg - f - none
ttrattat	sg - m - none
saffatur	sg - m - none
masjad	sg - m - none
għajta	sg - f - none
infallibbli	sg - m - none
sahhar	sg - m - none
kellimija	sg - f - none
dellieka	sg - f - none
wiżżiena	sg - f - none
arzelliet	pl - none - none
spettatur	sg - m - none
fietlin	pl - none - none
partiti	pl - m - none
dellija	sg - f - none
titbigħ	sg - m - none
moskej	pl - none - none
nida	none - f - none
taqlita	sg - f - none
maratona	sg - f - none
ħtejjen	sg - m - diminutive
kampijiet	pl - m - none
sawwafa	pl - none - none
temtumija	pl - none - none
kollegi	pl - none - none
tbejjit	sg - m - none
ħallatin	pl - none - none
omiċidju	sg - m - none
qaddiema	sg - f - none
mħasseb	sg - m - none
kastiljani	pl - none - none
żobb	sg - m - none
ombra	sg - f - none
braken	pl - none - none
kastelli	pl - none - none
tibriq	sg - m - none
eżempji	pl - m - none
skolastiċi	pl - none - none
karità	sg - f - none
ħoxnin	pl - none - none
kebbibija	sg - f - none
moderni	pl - none - none
tpeċpiċ	sg - m - none
midinba	sg - f - none
taħniet	pl - none - none
ħakkikin	pl - none - none
sajjarija	pl - none - none
bilanċjat	sg - m - none
għelm	sg - m - none
fejjiqin	pl - none - none
koppja	sg - f - none
għajjenin	pl - none - none
tfantisa	sg - f - none
lvant	sg - m - none
żaqżiqin	pl - none - none
xogħol	sg - m - none
infedeltajiet	pl - none - none
salvawomi	pl - none - none
mkiebes	pl - none - none
dranaġġi	pl - none - none
imxarrab	sg - m - none
smasar	pl - none - none
ċaqliq	coll - m - none
peruvjan	sg - m - none
ewropew	sg - m - none
tronġiet	pl - none - none
bronkite	sg - m - none
tbeżżigħ	sg - m - none
serpentun	sg - m - none
kitbiet	pl - none - none
nwara	sg - f - none
libertina	sg - f - none
tiġdim	sg - m - none
pollakki	pl - none - none
kwieta	sg - f - none
midgħi	sg - m - none
ħbil	sg - m - none
tparpina	sg - f - none
minaċċa	sg - f - none
zuntier	sg - m - none
dkur	pl - none - none
ikkawżati	pl - none - none
tebbieka	sg - f - none
żubbaċċ	sg - m - none
waddaba	sg - f - none
għarqiet	pl - none - none
tħawwir	sg - m - none
sammati	sg - m - none
qaffasa	pl - none - none
ħaxxub	sg - m - none
ferfux	sg - m - none
Torok	pl - none - none
armati	pl - none - none
sarsji	pl - none - none
spinaċi	coll - none - none
paċi	sg - f - none
saħħaħa	sg - f - none
waħħax	sg - m - none
xalliet	pl - f - none
epilettiċi	pl - none - none
suffarell	sg - m - none
reħi	sg - m - none
ħasiri	pl - none - none
Franċiż	sg - m - none
werrixija	sg - f - none
tħabita	sg - f - none
libsa	sg - m - none
fħuli	sg - m - none
ġejjifin	pl - none - none
waqqafat	pl - none - none
teftiefa	sg - f - none
balkaniċi	pl - none - none
immigranti	pl - m - none
porters	pl - none - none
nessejja	pl - none - none
ferfier	sg - m - none
waqqafa	sg - f - none
shari	pl - none - none
debbus	sg - m - none
lokijiet	pl - none - none
salarju	sg - m - none
ħaxma	sg - f - none
kkalkulat	sg - m - none
sajmin	pl - none - none
smugħi	sg - m - none
taqżiż	sg - m - none
ġeddieda	sg - f - none
żebliħin	pl - none - none
twaġġigħ	sg - m - none
maħrub	sg - m - none
nervitura	sg - f - none
ċangatura	sg - f - none
nagħla	sg - f - none
astronomika	sg - f - none
badbidija	sg - f - none
żibġin	pl - none - none
qattiegħi	sg - m - none
qassama	pl - none - none
Bunaħal	sg - m - none
qarmeċ	sg - m - none
aħrax	sg - m - none
arċisqfijiet	pl - m - none
tkejjib	sg - m - none
ġewħanin	pl - none - none
ibred	pl - none - comparative
ħakkikija	sg - f - none
bakkarin	pl - none - none
f'saħħtu	sg - m - none
fonetiku	sg - m - none
għanja	sg - f - none
nejjieka	sg - f - none
żegliga	sg - f - none
qfil	sg - m - none
tapp	sg - m - none
fdati	pl - none - none
blajjeż	pl - none - none
bahradi	sg - m - none
awwissu	sg - m - none
esegwita	sg - f - none
għewejjed	pl - none - none
stil	sg - m - none
għarix	sg - m - none
tlagħligħa	sg - f - none
taqtita	sg - f - none
vixxri	pl - none - none
garża	sg - f - none
tixmix	sg - m - none
lixka	sg - f - none
goffi	pl - none - none
helliel	sg - m - none
mellisija	sg - f - none
tekbib	sg - m - none
bellusijiet	pl - none - none
tħawtila	sg - f - none
witja	sg - f - none
dewwibin	pl - none - none
użinija	pl - none - none
opportuniżmu	sg - m - none
berbuxin	pl - none - none
ħajna	sg - f - none
deni	sg - m - none
tmasħira	sg - f - none
btura	sg - f - none
bassa	sg - f - none
żammejjin	pl - none - none
għalabibiżmu	sg - m - none
sewwidija	pl - none - none
ħabbiela	sg - f - none
kutrumbajsi	pl - none - none
baċir	sg - m - none
bliebel	pl - none - none
tisħiba	sg - f - none
taqtil	sg - m - none
mċampar	sg - m - none
trattib	none - none - none
taħxima	sg - f - none
urejċa	sg - f - none
ċinji	pl - none - none
iġbna	pl - none - none
pariġini	pl - none - none
taqċita	sg - f - none
għeqiereb	pl - none - none
tgħaddis	sg - m - none
qattiegħa	sg - f - none
lupu	sg - m - none
twarriba	sg - f - none
tgħaflis	sg - m - none
mgħaġġel	sg - m - none
lanez	pl - f - none
regoli	pl - f - none
tlewwiħ	sg - m - none
pawsiet	pl - none - none
tedjużi	pl - none - none
pastażata	sg - f - none
wirkejn	dl - none - none
tlikkim	sg - m - none
nigħat	pl - none - none
tnaqqira	sg - f - none
peppriniet	pl - none - none
żelliemi	sg - m - none
tinsiġa	sg - f - none
dedikazzjoni	sg - f - none
tqartifa	sg - f - none
identifikata	sg - f - none
boċoċ	pl - none - none
kkunsidrata	sg - f - none
nuċċali	sg - m - none
żaqqiqerija	none - f - none
seqer	sg - m - none
preokkupazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
tehdid	sg - m - none
satrana	pl - none - none
ambulanzi	pl - f - none
dmugħin	pl - none - none
balal	pl - none - none
orizzonti	pl - m - none
żeblieħa	pl - none - none
numeruża	sg - f - none
tornituri	pl - none - none
qawqiba	sg - f - none
tagħmim	sg - m - none
liri	pl - none - none
xaqlibin	pl - none - none
xappapin	pl - none - none
żviluppaturi	pl - m - none
derrejjin	pl - none - none
għarusa	sg - f - none
laħmijiet	pl - none - none
kakka	sg - f - none
ħajjarin	pl - none - none
safar	none - m - none
fanatika	sg - f - none
ferfixin	pl - none - none
medika	sg - f - none
illeġibbli	sg - f - none
kenniesa	sg - f - none
tberriqa	sg - f - none
qamsiet	pl - none - none
beżqa	sg - f - none
sportiva	sg - f - none
libbisin	pl - none - none
ħieni	sg - m - none
żengiela	sg - f - none
tibjina	sg - f - none
maestri	pl - none - none
tpespis	coll - m - none
industrija	sg - f - none
xgħir	coll - none - none
mantenimenti	pl - none - none
tifkir	sg - m - none
konsistenza	sg - f - none
ġarra	sg - f - none
gwardarobbi	pl - none - none
konkors	sg - m - none
ġemmilin	pl - none - none
divorzju	sg - m - none
taħxib	sg - m - none
tiġwiħ	sg - m - none
kemmixin	pl - none - none
ħakka	sg - f - none
tmarmir	coll - m - none
nejk	sg - m - none
aħħara	pl - none - none
munqara	pl - none - none
sewwiqija	pl - none - none
tixbit	sg - m - none
teħmira	sg - f - none
filantropiku	sg - m - none
dehi	sg - m - none
awstrijaka	sg - f - none
opponenti	pl - m - none
fixkula	sg - f - none
tawwit	sg - m - none
nejjikin	pl - none - none
bennien	sg - m - none
wenniesi	sg - m - none
telegramma	sg - f - none
awtiżmu	sg - m - none
nittiena	sg - f - none
ħattarija	sg - f - none
misjur	sg - m - none
reġistru	sg - m - none
mqietgħa	sg - f - none
appostli	pl - m - none
apparat	sg - m - none
tmelliħa	sg - f - none
prinjol	pl - none - none
deżert	sg - m - none
sejjies	sg - m - none
sabiħa	pl - none - none
silġ	coll - none - none
tirbib	sg - m - none
ikkunsidrata	sg - f - none
taħmira	sg - f - none
ragħwa	sg - f - none
tpartita	sg - f - none
ħawwifija	sg - f - none
awstrijaċi	pl - none - none
mnajdriet	pl - none - none
fekkikin	pl - none - none
aċċessat	sg - m - none
sostanzjali	none - none - none
żgur	sg - m - none
ballatiet	pl - none - none
debbirin	pl - none - none
tħattina	sg - f - none
funerali	pl - m - none
tħajjim	sg - m - none
tifkira	sg - f - none
trabuxù	sg - m - none
bellilin	pl - none - none
ħammiela	pl - none - none
tqażżiża	sg - f - none
twajjel	sg - m - none
kwadri	pl - none - none
kantata	sg - f - none
fqajjar	sg - m - diminutive
dagħma	sg - f - none
mistiedna	pl - none - none
qila	sg - m - none
żejjidin	pl - none - none
żbanduta	sg - f - none
bellusija	sg - f - none
ġebbidin	pl - none - none
redus	coll - m - none
toqbiet	pl - none - none
kantabbli	none - none - none
żagżagija	pl - none - none
zekzikija	sg - f - none
partitarju	sg - m - none
qalliebi	sg - m - none
taqbila	sg - f - none
tinja	sg - f - none
dgħaben	pl - none - none
kessiħija	sg - f - none
fiżiċi	pl - none - none
ftietel	pl - none - none
twapet	pl - none - none
ħżejjen	pl - none - none
fellejjin	pl - none - none
faxxi	pl - none - none
supremaziji	pl - none - none
tfettila	sg - f - none
mrejżbiet	pl - none - none
ġlied	sg - m - none
dwejqa	sg - f - diminutive
tferriħa	sg - f - none
eżotika	sg - f - none
prova	sg - f - none
libjan	sg - m - none
ġerrieħa	sg - f - none
seffiefa	pl - none - none
tribujiet	pl - m - none
qrara	sg - f - none
daqqiet	pl - none - none
sammarin	pl - none - none
tammasi	sg - m - none
operetta	sg - f - none
volontarjat	sg - m - none
mbaram	pl - none - none
ġlieda	sg - f - none
mudell	sg - m - none
statwa	sg - f - none
kfief	pl - none - none
tfarfira	sg - f - none
ħalliefa	sg - f - none
tfartina	sg - f - none
mirduma	sg - f - none
enfasi	sg - f - none
tankijiet	pl - none - none
taqqala	pl - none - none
taħrika	sg - f - none
indolenzi	pl - none - none
passarella	sg - f - none
riżors	sg - m - none
ħam	none - none - none
termometru	sg - m - none
belbiela	sg - f - none
baqbiqa	sg - f - none
xaqlieb	sg - m - none
moffa	sg - f - none
żeġġ	sg - m - none
bleħien	sg - m - none
driebes	pl - none - none
waqwieq	sg - m - none
tisriġa	sg - f - none
patrijottiżmu	sg - m - none
bżieq	coll - m - none
fettuqa	sg - f - none
setgħin	pl - none - none
leqqien	sg - m - none
fewwieħ	sg - m - none
addattat	sg - m - none
qajjieda	pl - none - none
berqin	pl - none - none
milagħba	sg - f - none
skjetta	sg - f - none
krajtiet	pl - none - diminutive
tgħassis	sg - m - none
sakkariet	pl - none - none
stkerrih	sg - m - none
kelbija	sg - f - none
weġġigħin	pl - none - none
sarraf	sg - m - none
baħrin	pl - none - none
xuxana	sg - f - none
terrieħa	sg - f - none
żrugħin	pl - none - none
palmata	sg - f - none
slajtna	sg - f - none
kbis	sg - m - none
tebbiegħa	pl - none - none
materjal	sg - m - none
tibqira	sg - f - none
sitbelt	sg - f - none
ħrejjef	pl - none - none
soda	sg - f - none
mtaten	pl - none - none
miġnen	pl - none - none
forensiċi	pl - none - none
beżżuli	sg - m - none
belliqin	pl - none - none
qażżiżin	pl - none - none
ruxxana	pl - none - none
kejjiel	sg - m - none
telliqin	pl - none - none
qħubija	sg - f - none
pniezel	pl - none - none
mċafċfa	sg - f - none
qalbiena	pl - none - none
tħaddim	sg - m - none
marda	sg - f - none
kwadrat	sg - m - none
favetta	sg - f - none
qxura	coll - f - none
sibka	sg - f - none
liġġimija	sg - f - none
tfixkila	sg - f - none
żnuber	coll - none - none
newwiela	pl - none - none
damdima	sg - f - none
sammam	sg - m - none
ballat	sg - m - none
settur	sg - m - none
sfiħ	sg - m - none
indaqs	pl - none - none
ġelbin	sg - m - none
ħawsla	sg - f - none
żirka	sg - f - none
dellijiet	pl - none - none
koxox	pl - none - none
kannierji	pl - none - none
tagħwil	sg - m - none
ħallifija	sg - f - none
soġġorni	pl - none - none
qabbara	sg - f - none
tlielaq	pl - none - none
tipiċi	pl - none - none
laqta	sg - f - none
dmugħ	coll - m - none
sħanat	pl - none - none
xappapija	sg - f - none
ċenċil	sg - m - none
taħġira	sg - f - none
komponiment	sg - m - none
żejtunija	sg - f - none
ħaffiera	sg - f - none
karozza	sg - f - none
banketti	pl - none - none
tbewwib	sg - m - none
ħarrubu	sg - m - none
ġunju	sg - m - none
ħassiel	sg - m - none
tħammiġ	sg - m - none
deskritti	pl - none - none
serba	sg - f - none
sakkarin	pl - none - none
skor	sg - m - none
lhiġ	sg - m - none
tmar	coll - m - none
ħaxkinin	pl - none - none
sieber	sg - m - none
nagħgħala	sg - f - none
ikkonfermati	pl - none - none
kontribuzzjonijiet	pl - f - none
klassiku	sg - m - none
ferriedi	sg - m - none
pexpux	sg - m - none
mużqaqa	pl - none - none
ambulanza	sg - f - none
ħelu	coll - m - none
bennej	sg - m - none
rtiħ	sg - m - none
kalm	sg - m - none
tlenbit	sg - m - none
taħriġ	sg - m - none
ġarrara	sg - f - none
tqawqib	sg - m - none
dellikin	pl - none - none
tiċkina	sg - f - none
sakran	sg - m - none
ħbub	pl - none - none
lewwiħin	pl - none - none
żajjari	sg - m - none
tpartixa	sg - f - none
btur	sg - m - none
inġenji	pl - none - none
offruti	pl - none - none
approvati	pl - none - none
metaforika	sg - f - none
nassi	pl - none - none
għadis	sg - m - none
xemxata	sg - f - none
ħassarin	pl - none - none
nfix	sg - m - none
tgerrix	sg - m - none
qarsu	sg - none - none
ħliqa	sg - f - none
werwiera	pl - none - none
munqar	sg - m - none
tiġbida	sg - f - none
tuqigħ	sg - m - none
gibda	sg - f - none
tiżjir	sg - m - none
Feniċu	sg - m - none
avviżaturi	pl - none - none
transformers	pl - none - none
melliesa	sg - f - none
ġejjiefi	sg - m - none
bettiħiet	pl - none - none
baħbubiet	pl - none - none
travu	sg - m - none
nabbejin	pl - none - none
mutu	sg - m - none
weżin	pl - none - none
subborgi	pl - m - none
ħażżimin	pl - none - none
tipa	sg - f - none
plural	sg - m - none
dagħa	sg - m - none
ħiliet	pl - f - none
infinita	sg - f - none
mikroskopika	sg - f - none
ikkritikati	pl - none - none
żdrajjata	sg - f - none
samma	sg - f - none
pożambrelli	pl - none - none
twiċċiċa	sg - f - none
kompatti	pl - none - none
kompost	sg - m - none
femiċidji	pl - none - none
keddidin	pl - none - none
nadriet	pl - none - none
serriqija	sg - f - none
serripija	sg - f - none
tewwitin	pl - none - none
tqanżiħa	sg - f - none
tinfiħa	sg - f - none
alkoħol	sg - m - none
twetwita	sg - f - none
waħħamin	pl - none - none
dallamija	sg - f - none
srieser	pl - none - none
komponenti	pl - m - none
ħniq	sg - m - none
tmewwita	sg - f - none
tennej	sg - m - none
lemma	sg - f - none
vojt	sg - m - none
kontaġġuż	sg - m - none
tiċritiet	pl - none - none
lsien	sg - m - none
mnikkta	sg - f - none
sensil	sg - m - none
tbenġil	sg - m - none
vitelli	pl - none - none
Maltija	sg - f - none
dennisin	pl - none - none
fellieħ	sg - m - none
brim	sg - m - none
lewża	sg - f - none
unika	sg - f - none
ħjariet	pl - none - none
pejxijiet	pl - none - none
kalatura	sg - f - none
taqrib	sg - m - none
xwejfa	sg - f - diminutive
żrik	sg - m - none
bajsikil	sg - f - none
tempesta	sg - f - none
subordinata	sg - f - none
tebħa	sg - f - none
talban	sg - m - none
awtentika	sg - f - none
kebbies	sg - m - none
xkumi	pl - none - none
xaħxiħa	sg - f - none
żgħar	pl - none - none
qoħtija	pl - none - none
perrieċi	sg - m - none
empiriku	sg - m - none
twessiqa	sg - f - none
tlabliba	sg - f - none
ingassa	sg - f - none
konxju	sg - m - none
żgħira	sg - f - none
kmandi	pl - none - none
felħana	sg - f - none
qabbarin	pl - none - none
deputati	pl - m - none
saddied	sg - m - none
tixxju	sg - m - none
kaxxier	sg - m - none
iċken	none - none - comparative
ġeometriċi	pl - none - none
distrett	sg - m - none
ħeġġiġin	pl - none - none
tlaqqigħ	sg - m - none
maqjuma	sg - f - none
ċessijiet	pl - none - none
ħalta	sg - f - none
festi	pl - f - none
dlajjem	sg - m - diminutive
sodisfatti	pl - none - none
mikrobi	pl - none - none
qaddisija	sg - f - none
ħabbieżi	sg - m - none
għajdut	sg - m - none
fortizza	sg - f - none
enerġetika	sg - f - none
ħlasijiet	pl - none - none
inforor	pl - none - none
pereċ	pl - none - none
ħżejżiet	pl - none - none
takbira	sg - f - none
sawwatin	pl - none - none
maħmiħija	sg - f - none
kompluta	pl - none - none
kesħa	sg - f - none
farmaċewtiku	sg - m - none
mħuħ	pl - none - none
tnaqqas	pl - m - none
meqjusa	pl - none - none
finlandiża	sg - f - none
tikjib	sg - m - none
tost	sg - m - none
kalifi	pl - m - none
mistħijin	pl - none - none
tenfixija	pl - none - none
molol	pl - none - none
alluċinazzjoni	sg - f - none
tbewwila	sg - f - none
nabbeja	pl - none - none
tebbiqija	pl - none - none
brazzuletti	pl - none - none
bdoti	pl - none - none
sallabin	pl - none - none
mumenti	pl - m - none
għamla	sg - f - none
dolċeriji	pl - none - none
qariba	sg - f - none
qassara	sg - f - none
għannejja	pl - none - none
karburatur	sg - m - none
qammilija	pl - none - none
tarraġa	sg - f - none
kompless	sg - m - none
kgħajka	sg - f - diminutive
zalzett	coll - none - none
kappa	sg - f - none
mnieri	pl - none - none
għajxien	sg - m - none
qassata	sg - f - none
stoffi	pl - none - none
nemmiesa	sg - f - none
attenzjoni	sg - f - none
żewwieġi	sg - m - none
bugħawwieġ	sg - m - none
ħofra	sg - f - none
ponis	pl - none - none
qerrieda	sg - f - none
borqom	sg - m - none
tnikkir	sg - m - none
tgħallit	sg - m - none
sapuna	sg - f - none
serriepi	sg - m - none
merriqija	sg - f - none
tifxil	sg - m - none
bsuri	sg - m - none
ġemmiegħa	sg - f - none
fatt	sg - m - none
sriħana	pl - none - none
ġenerali	none - none - none
taljana	sg - f - none
xigħir	sg - m - none
indaqs	sg - m - none
ketkuti	sg - m - none
tiżhir	sg - m - none
mewwieġi	sg - m - none
sinjifikattiv	sg - m - none
ġandriet	pl - none - none
dwajjel	sg - m - none
ħamiem	coll - none - none
tidkika	sg - f - none
tberrik	sg - m - none
letlita	sg - f - none
mormi	sg - m - none
dispożizzjonijiet	pl - none - none
distrutta	sg - f - none
sewwejjin	pl - none - none
qanfidin	pl - none - none
ftam	sg - f - none
nittiefa	pl - none - none
tbiżżila	sg - f - none
ġarraf	sg - m - none
pożittivi	pl - none - none
sefsiefa	pl - none - none
żakkarija	pl - none - none
tinġir	sg - m - none
mużikali	none - none - none
wiżżinija	pl - none - none
xaqlib	sg - m - none
ħaġġieġa	sg - f - none
żewwieqi	sg - m - none
kostruzzjonijiet	pl - f - none
niżżiela	pl - none - none
taffej	sg - m - none
armonjuż	sg - m - none
ċappasa	sg - f - none
velenuż	sg - m - none
ħares	sg - m - none
tifuni	pl - none - none
frottijiet	pl - m - none
qollija	pl - none - none
qabbad	sg - m - none
tkeffir	sg - m - none
akkwatiku	sg - m - none
avversarju	sg - m - none
tinxija	sg - f - none
demla	sg - f - none
tawwarin	pl - none - none
meżmieżi	sg - m - none
żaqżieqa	pl - none - none
qaqoċċ	coll - none - none
għarqbejn	dl - none - none
tisħiq	sg - m - none
mneħirna	sg - m - none
taqħiba	sg - f - none
niexfa	pl - none - none
daqna	sg - f - none
ħarban	sg - m - none
tħażżiqa	sg - f - none
tagħdid	sg - m - none
temp	sg - m - none
napoleoniċi	pl - none - none
analitiku	sg - m - none
sawwatija	sg - f - none
qaddiesa	sg - f - none
niżżiel	sg - m - none
tqassis	sg - m - none
grazzjuża	sg - f - none
metodu	sg - m - none
nelħ	sg - m - none
żamma	sg - f - none
espressjonijiet	pl - f - none
raxkiet	pl - none - none
arjan	sg - m - none
irrekordjat	sg - m - none
waħħalija	pl - none - none
xjenza	sg - f - none
kandidat	sg - m - none
pavun	sg - m - none
żhajra	sg - f - none
tili	pl - f - none
ħadit	none - none - none
fiġel	coll - m - none
ġbejna	pl - none - none
akwarji	pl - none - none
bwajda	sg - f - none
settier	sg - m - none
fewwiħin	pl - none - none
ħaqqieqa	sg - f - none
meċmiċin	pl - none - none
dewmien	sg - m - none
kenniesa	pl - none - none
batuti	pl - none - none
tisrima	sg - f - none
ħaqqari	sg - m - none
mħalel	pl - none - none
salvezzi	pl - none - none
santa	sg - f - none
kura	sg - f - none
għases	pl - none - none
ministri	pl - m - none
felliesa	sg - f - none
fqis	sg - m - none
komma	sg - f - none
Munxarin	pl - none - none
profil	sg - m - none
naqriet	pl - none - none
werrieka	pl - none - none
rebbieħ	sg - m - none
nagħiet	pl_ind - none - none
tgħaġġiż	none - none - none
fitla	sg - f - none
gerfixin	pl - none - none
żengilin	pl - none - none
paċifikaturi	pl - none - none
ħabbiżin	pl - none - none
ħżejnin	pl - none - none
qubbajt	coll - none - none
sejfijiet	pl - none - none
prenotazzjonijiet	pl - none - none
ħorfa	sg - f - none
tamra	sg - f - none
sikma	sg - f - none
qofol	sg - m - none
fajjenzi	pl - none - none
tmesrik	coll - m - none
qammiela	pl - none - none
xellugi	sg - m - none
qżieżu	sg - none - none
aħmar	sg - m - none
karrabija	sg - f - none
vġili	sg - m - none
inforra	sg - f - none
kullani	pl - none - none
wikkiel	sg - m - none
rqis	sg - m - none
qaħbunazz	sg - m - none
velenuża	sg - f - none
rivisti	pl - none - none
dijanjosi	sg - f - none
festin	sg - m - none
tisbil	sg - m - none
saħħithom	sg - f - none
miklem	sg - m - none
żagħfira	sg - f - none
ħfejjef	sg - m - diminutive
lħejħa	sg - f - none
qorq	sg - m - none
tisjiħ	sg - m - none
kejk	sg - m - none
tigżiża	sg - f - none
laqqamin	pl - none - none
veloċità	sg - f - none
żibdiet	pl - none - none
twetwit	coll - m - none
skejjel	pl - none - none
kburija	sg - f - none
pexpuxiet	pl - none - none
viljakk	sg - m - none
sawrella	sg - f - none
ġeblin	pl - none - none
saqqajja	sg - f - none
debbieħa	sg - f - none
qtajrtejn	dl - none - none
tmessiħa	sg - f - none
tfakkira	sg - f - none
wesgħin	pl - none - none
mbaqar	pl - none - none
ċiviċi	pl - none - none
gallettina	sg - f - none
stari	pl - none - none
residenta	sg - f - none
lewħ	sg - m - none
monument	sg - m - none
ħedljats	pl - none - none
tlissija	sg - f - none
mediċina	sg - f - none
tpejjip	sg - m - none
niġġimija	none - f - none
ziju	sg - m - none
tiwjiet	pl - none - none
għadsa	sg - f - none
ħellisin	pl - none - none
tenkila	sg - f - none
tfettiqa	sg - f - none
isfar	sg - m - none
intenzjonati	pl - none - none
propju	sg - m - none
tħaqqiqa	sg - f - none
weċċejn	dl - none - none
lewwieq	sg - m - none
ferfirin	pl - none - none
ikħal	sg - m - none
kelbi	sg - m - none
porċellana	sg - f - none
nirreferewx	none - none - none
ħassiela	sg - f - none
berbux	sg - m - none
apertivi	pl - none - none
naħqa	sg - f - none
mewwiġija	sg - f - none
sfajra	sg - f - none
xengilija	pl - none - none
ħalibiet	pl - none - none
ġulġlien	sg - m - none
trejdunjoniżmu	sg - m - none
tidrir	sg - m - none
tferniża	sg - f - none
twaħħixa	sg - f - none
tanburilli	pl - none - none
darrabija	sg - f - none
nemlu	sg - m - none
bewwiqin	pl - none - none
eċċessiv	sg - m - none
saħħabi	sg - m - none
daħk	sg - m - none
żienja	pl - none - none
kemmidin	pl - none - none
twaġġigħa	sg - f - none
dlajma	sg - f - diminutive
titlifa	sg - f - none
fehim	sg - m - none
seffieħa	sg - f - none
ratal	sg - m - none
idjota	sg - f - none
btiebet	pl - none - none
tisbir	sg - m - none
żamburiet	pl - none - none
tħassila	sg - f - none
diretturi	pl - m - none
meżmieża	pl - none - none
viżjonijiet	pl - f - none
ħerba	sg - f - none
tilwin	sg - m - none
qastnin	pl - none - none
lingwa	sg - f - none
legliegi	sg - m - none
żibel	none - none - none
xkafef	pl - none - none
selliħin	pl - none - none
użanza	sg - f - none
preseduta	sg - f - none
ħarta	sg - f - none
tfixkiliet	pl - none - none
sebbiħin	pl - none - none
diplomatiċi	pl - none - none
defsa	sg - f - none
tiksiħ	sg - m - none
tfellik	sg - m - none
influwenzi	pl - f - none
namruż	sg - m - none
tulijiet	pl - none - none
ħsad	sg - m - none
tisfiħ	sg - m - none
saffarija	sg - f - none
ħamiem	sg - m - none
kalament	sg - m - none
tibetana	sg - f - none
żibġija	pl - none - none
serraturi	pl - none - none
tisfiq	sg - m - none
qegħied	sg - m - none
raxketturi	pl - none - none
serpija	sg - f - none
bwieq	pl - none - none
tħanxira	sg - f - none
pejjiep	sg - m - none
tidjina	sg - f - none
tkużija	sg - f - none
tfaqqir	sg - m - none
żarżari	sg - m - none
tmekkika	sg - f - none
seksiefi	sg - m - none
frott	sg - m - none
beżgħanin	pl - none - none
tilhim	sg - m - none
ħaljin	pl - none - none
ħasliet	pl - none - none
paċifiżmu	sg - m - none
qbidiet	pl - none - none
tnixxif	sg - m - none
dbiħ	none - none - none
werritin	pl - none - none
gawdenta	sg - f - none
nikkieri	sg - m - none
waħħaliet	pl - none - none
ħallasin	pl - none - none
ħalfa	sg - f - none
maduma	sg - f - none
slovakk	sg - m - none
drammi	pl - m - none
balletti	pl - m - none
tuti	pl - none - none
tgħakkik	sg - m - none
użura	sg - f - none
negħil	sg - m - none
onest	sg - m - none
bekbiek	sg - m - none
tbannita	sg - f - none
ħisrejn	dl - none - none
ħutiet	pl - none - none
tlaqqima	sg - f - none
fadla	sg - f - none
seffiqija	sg - f - none
mikroskopiku	sg - m - none
destinazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
moqli	sg - m - none
derrisin	pl - none - none
awturi	pl - m - none
tpastiż	sg - m - none
privata	sg - f - none
tfaqqigħ	sg - m - none
tmegħix	sg - m - none
ġonta	sg - f - none
żuffjetti	pl - none - none
gergier	sg - m - none
tgerbiba	sg - f - none
ċrajrtiet	pl - none - none
persuna	sg - f - none
mikrobu	sg - m - none
titwil	sg - m - none
ferfuxi	sg - m - none
żnejbel	sg - m - none
komplement	sg - m - none
solventa	sg - f - none
mħarrġa	sg - f - none
taħtnija	pl - none - none
żwejmliet	pl - none - none
sħiħ	sg - m - none
belġjani	pl - none - none
silka	sg - f - none
awstrijaku	sg - m - none
kummissarju	sg - m - none
qaddidin	pl - none - none
ġobon	coll - m - none
lemin	sg - m - none
qaxlifin	pl - none - none
sammi	sg - m - none
buqiet	pl - none - none
ħżiem	sg - m - none
mixrub	sg - m - none
xemx	sg - f - none
servejs	pl - none - none
nixa	none - none - none
limija	sg - f - none
mazzetti	pl - none - diminutive
nazzjonalistiku	sg - m - none
ellittiku	sg - m - none
mellisin	pl - none - none
balieni	pl - none - none
tisjir	sg - m - none
qerridin	pl - none - none
mabżar	sg - m - none
elettriku	sg - m - none
kapitali	pl - none - none
ħżin	sg - m - none
irrefere	none - none - none
prattika	sg - f - none
sedq	sg - m - none
tibkira	pl - none - none
surmast	sg - m - none
tidriba	sg - f - none
ntbih	none - none - none
għelliet	pl - none - none
fdal	sg - m - none
tisqira	sg - f - none
ħaxxiexi	sg - m - none
ferqa	sg - f - none
kennija	pl - none - none
tkixxifija	sg - f - none
isqra	pl - none - none
speċifiċi	pl - none - none
kartub	sg - m - none
Majjistral	sg - m - none
inklużi	pl - none - none
kummissjoni	sg - f - none
tidmim	sg - m - none
demmisin	pl - none - none
saħħanin	pl - none - none
dubbiena	sg - f - none
xnadar	pl - none - none
lagħbija	sg - f - none
vendikattiv	sg - m - none
faħħax	sg - m - none
metall	sg - m - none
tgħal	sg - m - none
żembiħija	pl - none - none
emminija	pl - none - none
hemża	sg - f - none
tolleranzi	pl - f - none
ħaxxunin	pl - none - none
tħeġġiġa	sg - f - none
ċarrati	sg - m - none
dijanjosijiet	pl - none - none
ħabbibin	pl - none - none
sulari	pl - none - none
midilka	sg - f - none
ħarmana	sg - f - none
wiċċiet	pl - none - none
dikka	sg - m - none
tqabrisa	sg - f - none
maħbel	sg - m - none
labbara	sg - f - none
fiqin	pl - none - none
daħniet	pl - none - none
sewwejja	pl - none - none
stedin	sg - m - none
ansjetajiet	pl - none - none
norma	sg - f - none
ċikatriċijiet	pl - none - none
ġradijiet	pl - none - none
storika	sg - f - none
sajjidin	pl - none - none
sahhara	pl - none - none
amiri	pl - none - none
adapter	sg - m - none
mantarija	pl - none - none
tapezzar	sg - m - none
lealtà	sg - f - none
buzzun	sg - m - none
prinċipessa	sg - f - none
faddal	sg - m - none
ħażżar	sg - m - none
tħamil	sg - m - none
bibliku	sg - m - none
ftejqiet	pl - none - none
ħbubija	sg - f - none
prigunieri	pl - m - none
kaħlin	pl - none - none
bbażat	sg - m - none
qejjisija	pl - none - none
iffurmata	sg - f - none
ġinnastika	sg - f - none
fettiqin	pl - none - none
bewwieqa	sg - f - none
xogħlijiet	pl - m - none
komika	sg - f - none
xirfin	pl - none - none
fajdi	sg - m - none
bellusi	sg - m - none
trinċieri	pl - none - none
rahba	sg - f - none
pizi	pl - none - none
gerbieba	sg - f - none
skarpan	sg - m - none
ospitazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
jugoslavi	pl - none - none
majjal	sg - m - none
rendiment	sg - m - none
fesqa	sg - f - none
tisħita	sg - f - none
waddaba	sg - f - none
bilblija	sg - f - none
ċpar	sg - m - none
qatriet	pl - none - none
xoqqa	sg - f - none
papà	sg - m - none
fundamentaliżmu	sg - m - none
superjura	sg - f - none
mnieġel	pl - none - none
nittiena	sg - f - none
peċpiċija	sg - f - none
dgħumi	sg - m - none
sokits	pl - none - none
tixmigħ	sg - m - none
fiddien	sg - m - none
disprezzi	pl - none - none
assedjata	sg - f - none
blokok	pl - none - none
dubbjużi	pl - none - none
komiku	sg - m - none
żewqa	sg - f - none
taħħana	pl - none - none
qammata	pl - none - none
keskisiet	pl - none - none
bużnanniet	pl - none - none
waset	sg - m - none
żrid	sg - m - none
ristretta	sg - f - none
estiżi	pl - none - none
tiknina	sg - f - none
keskisija	sg - f - none
eżemplari	none - none - none
ħannus	sg - m - none
taqħita	sg - f - none
offrut	sg - m - none
żerrieka	pl - none - none
informati	pl - none - none
kewtilija	pl - none - none
balkaniku	sg - m - none
multa	sg - f - none
pjazza	sg - f - none
viżta	sg - f - none
għajjiela	pl - none - none
kejt	sg - m - none
fonetika	sg - f - none
definizzjoni	sg - f - none
artiklu	sg - m - none
ħaxximija	sg - f - none
niedem	sg - m - none
trinċiera	sg - f - none
zpup	pl - none - none
waħħamija	pl - none - none
indirizz	sg - m - none
modifikata	sg - f - none
naqsiet	pl - none - none
ġagħil	sg - m - none
kokaini	pl - none - none
antikamra	sg - f - none
ċumbin	sg - m - none
iġfna	pl - none - none
ċwajla	sg - f - diminutive
ġludi	sg - m - none
emanċipazzjonijiet	pl - none - none
inzertaturi	pl - none - none
klinika	sg - f - none
kannokkjalijiet	pl - none - none
qammatin	pl - none - none
wajers	pl - none - none
rivista	sg - f - none
allokat	sg - m - none
tiġrifa	sg - f - none
gremxuliet	pl - none - none
żengira	sg - f - none
ġegħidin	pl - none - none
dekorati	pl - none - none
Munxari	sg - m - none
dekorata	sg - f - none
lozjonijiet	pl - none - none
ġejjief	sg - m - none
rimi	sg - m - none
hennej	sg - m - none
mqass	sg - m - none
monumenti	pl - m - none
ħettufin	pl - none - none
ħlif	sg - m - none
taħsiba	sg - f - none
astuża	sg - f - none
għoqriet	pl - none - none
maxxatin	pl - none - none
ħassieli	sg - m - none
ferkuxin	pl - none - none
qallieba	pl - none - none
titlija	sg - f - none
żugragi	pl - none - none
żanżanin	pl - none - none
tnibbix	coll - m - none
dehhisin	pl - none - none
grawnd	sg - m - none
ċim	sg - m - none
samranin	pl - none - none
grokkijiet	pl - none - none
għerija	sg - f - none
lasktuwiet	pl - none - none
qammatija	sg - f - none
tniddim	none - none - none
fejjieqa	sg - f - none
ħelliesi	sg - m - none
palmipedu	sg - m - none
sadid	none - m - none
srum	pl - none - none
tferniż	sg - m - none
saġġara	sg - f - none
kumpaniji	pl - f - none
kawża	sg - f - none
sottiljezza	sg - f - none
kompatt	sg - m - none
għadsa	sg - f - none
nifsijiet	pl - none - none
mekkuk	sg - m - none
tilqima	sg - f - none
lefqa	sg - f - none
kkalkulata	sg - f - none
tkabbiz	sg - m - none
tixhir	sg - m - none
ħaxxej	sg - m - none
tebbiħin	pl - none - none
sannar	sg - m - none
mensili	sg - none - none
tixqiq	sg - m - none
mġissem	sg - m - none
qratas	pl - none - none
prieżet	pl - none - none
barrija	sg - f - none
awtlett	sg - m - none
ħarrat	sg - m - none
bajd	coll - m - none
pagi	pl - f - none
tnegħisa	sg - f - none
sebbieħi	sg - m - none
stuffat	sg - m - none
sejjiħija	sg - f - none
sfigħ	sg - m - none
lablaba	sg - f - none
mselel	pl - none - none
tizkik	sg - m - none
ħarbux	sg - m - none
santu	sg - m - none
mil	sg - m - none
tmengħila	sg - f - none
ksuħata	sg - m - none
helliela	sg - f - none
antenati	pl - m - none
referis	pl - none - none
xebgħa	sg - f - none
kejjied	sg - m - none
kwart	sg - m - none
passatemp	sg - m - none
lewwejja	sg - f - none
sellimin	pl - none - none
qsajba	sg - f - none
zriezer	pl - none - none
berrieni	sg - m - none
imburġaturi	pl - none - none
xilpa	sg - f - none
tilmiħ	sg - m - none
mħaret	pl - none - none
titriġ	sg - m - none
kelliel	sg - m - none
seftura	sg - f - none
debħiet	pl - none - none
kartunetti	pl - none - none
ħrieb	sg - m - none
iblaq	sg - m - none
aħwa	pl - f - none
sensiela	sg - f - none
ajruplani	pl - m - none
nġiesa	sg - f - none
wiżżinin	pl - none - none
pazjenti	pl - none - none
wettieq	sg - m - none
xnigħat	pl - none - none
sellifin	pl - none - none
tidwim	sg - m - none
ċrajtra	sg - f - none
tebbieħa	sg - f - none
anzjan	sg - m - none
pittoresk	sg - m - none
ħawja	sg - f - none
zekzikin	pl - none - none
ankri	pl - none - none
ċittadelli	pl - none - none
qerridin	pl - none - none
suffara	sg - f - none
kagħbura	sg - f - none
tbewwiġa	sg - f - none
twerriċ	sg - m - none
dekani	pl - none - none
tixlig	sg - m - none
tertiqija	sg - f - none
rħam	coll - m - none
rimiżolja	sg - f - none
dixxiplini	pl - f - none
vann	sg - m - none
tajlandiżi	pl - none - none
tilja	sg - f - none
linfa	sg - f - none
ikkonfermata	sg - f - none
tgħaxwix	sg - m - none
marmellata	sg - f - none
boċċa	sg - f - none
loġiċi	pl - none - none
nissilija	sg - f - none
grazzji	pl - f - none
dhejna	sg - f - none
dawriet	pl - none - none
sawwafi	sg - m - none
beżżula	sg - f - none
żeġġieġi	sg - m - none
amministrattiv	sg - m - none
tfekkikiet	pl - none - none
bwejla	sg - f - none
sawwara	sg - f - none
mġarriet	pl - none - none
saħħitkom	sg - f - none
txietex	pl - none - none
skomdi	pl - none - none
apertura	sg - f - none
ċappasin	pl - none - none
qomqma	none - none - none
tħejjijiet	pl - none - none
tbennin	sg - m - none
simboli	pl - m - none
bajtriet	pl - none - none
keddiedi	sg - m - none
portugiża	sg - f - none
ħtara	sg - f - none
smewwiet	pl - m - none
staffa	sg - f - none
bjond	sg - m - none
qerrieda	pl - none - none
farraġin	pl - none - none
rikonoxxenti	sg - f - none
tirabuxù	sg - m - none
xnigħ	sg - m - none
rases	pl - none - none
xemniqin	pl - none - none
dvieren	pl - none - none
rigoruża	sg - f - none
drapp	sg - m - none
ħtejjeb	sg - m - diminutive
tirwit	sg - m - none
qarwieża	pl - none - none
komplotti	pl - none - none
damdimija	sg - f - none
kagħbur	sg - m - none
sibbiena	sg - f - none
werwirija	sg - f - none
empirika	sg - f - none
plastiks	pl - none - none
teknoloġiji	pl - f - none
żabbib	sg - m - none
dettaljati	pl - none - none
nominati	pl - none - none
brared	pl - none - none
qawmien	sg - m - none
pastizz	sg - m - none
glalen	pl - none - none
baqqija	sg - f - none
nissiela	pl - none - none
segretarju	sg - m - none
tifħil	sg - m - none
ximpanzi	sg - m - none
tertixa	sg - f - none
passiva	sg - f - none
tpezpiza	sg - f - none
taħriq	sg - m - none
kejjieli	sg - m - none
xengilija	sg - f - none
żellimin	pl - none - none
taħwir	sg - m - none
ferfirin	pl - none - none
taħtir	sg - m - none
natħiet	pl - none - none
tifsid	sg - m - none
fondata	sg - f - none
servizzi	pl - none - none
tgiddim	sg - m - none
srievet	pl - none - none
maskaras	pl - none - none
unità	sg - f - none
edizzjonijiet	pl - f - none
kunċetti	pl - m - none
żejtin	pl - none - none
ħasda	sg - f - none
ħamallata	sg - f - none
kagħkiet	pl - none - none
rġugħ	sg - m - none
żellieġa	pl - none - none
kattarin	pl - none - none
tmiem	none - m - none
ċarratin	pl - none - none
sallabija	sg - f - none
felliesi	sg - m - none
pesta	sg - f - none
sfineġ	pl - none - none
tnemmil	sg - m - none
kunċert	sg - m - none
żu	sg - m - none
kejn	sg - f - none
qaħħab	sg - m - none
werrieti	sg - m - none
għammieq	sg - m - none
bidla	sg - f - none
wettejja	pl - none - none
fejda	sg - f - none
ironiċi	pl - none - none
hemmiżija	sg - f - none
poter	sg - m - none
klipep	pl - none - none
ħaslun	sg - m - none
ħosba	sg - f - none
pizez	pl - none - none
tħarriba	sg - f - none
ferfurija	sg - f - none
kilometri	pl - m - none
żhir	sg - m - none
sarar	sg - m - none
xall	sg - m - none
qaddiedi	sg - m - none
sawrelliet	pl - none - none
tibnina	sg - f - none
nbiħ	none - none - none
merluzzi	pl - none - none
ħlejjaq	pl - none - none
żahrin	pl - none - none
mekkiħija	sg - f - none
dalmi	sg - m - none
żanqir	coll - m - none
taħbiż	sg - m - none
paċiera	pl - none - none
twellid	sg - m - none
nixxufin	pl - none - none
kolazzjonijiet	pl - none - none
ċuwingam	sg - m - none
ħsibijiet	pl - none - none
rigoruż	sg - m - none
porter	sg - m - none
tiċħid	sg - m - none
saqaf	sg - m - none
ħarġiet	pl - none - none
enerġetiċi	pl - none - none
ħawli	sg - m - none
impassibilità	sg - f - none
tonda	sg - f - none
fettilin	pl - none - none
berrina	sg - f - none
irreferiex	none - none - none
tnehida	sg - f - none
redgħa	sg - f - none
mitluqin	pl - none - none
tlissin	sg - m - none
ħajt	sg - m - none
mdarab	pl - none - none
kartell	sg - m - none
arkeoloġiji	pl - none - none
sangisugi	pl - none - none
qmejltejn	dl - none - none
gawdji	pl - none - none
telespettaturi	pl - m - none
riformi	pl - f - none
tnaqqib	sg - m - none
mellies	sg - m - none
żeġġa	sg - f - none
għajn	sg - f - none
rfid	sg - m - none
ħolm	sg - m - none
fekk	sg - m - none
tiksiba	sg - f - none
sammari	sg - m - none
wiesgħin	pl - none - none
kkonsagrat	sg - m - none
belliegħ	sg - m - none
żdingata	sg - f - none
ħtajjar	sg - m - diminutive
rpari	pl - none - none
basla	sg - f - none
kantiki	pl - none - none
alfabetiku	sg - m - none
molestja	sg - f - none
qallejja	sg - f - none
qraba	pl - none - none
ħaxwiex	sg - m - none
aħħari	sg - m - none
weġgħana	sg - f - none
sollenità	sg - f - none
żebbiġin	pl - none - none
tkebbixa	sg - f - none
sikka	sg - f - none
tixqif	sg - m - none
limja	sg - m - none
tgħaddim	sg - m - none
tħawwil	sg - m - none
għamara	sg - f - none
illeġibbli	pl - none - none
tizpipa	sg - f - none
klima	sg - f - none
boxxla	sg - f - none
ħolma	sg - f - none
adorazzjoni	sg - f - none
saddidija	pl - none - none
fekkikin	pl - none - none
arjana	sg - f - none
wirdien	pl - none - none
mużewijiet	pl - none - none
dinamiżmu	sg - m - none
kaħlija	sg - f - none
dijapożittivi	pl - none - none
xempju	sg - m - none
aħħarija	sg - f - none
iffortifikata	sg - f - none
fewwiġin	pl - none - none
nazzjonalista	sg - f - none
florista	sg - f - none
fattar	sg - m - none
taqmisa	sg - f - none
foħrija	sg - f - none
griefex	pl - none - none
tiġribiet	pl - none - none
saddieda	sg - f - none
ħejjuma	sg - f - none
selsila	sg - f - none
konxja	sg - f - none
tbewwil	sg - m - none
ħamħumin	pl - none - none
investitur	sg - m - none
gerriżija	sg - f - none
tarrafa	pl - none - none
emiena	sg - f - none
molekula	sg - f - none
tħattir	sg - m - none
bajtru	sg - m - none
ċekkieni	sg - m - none
burdellużi	pl - none - none
ċmieni	pl - none - none
qoffini	pl - none - none
modern	sg - m - none
bennejja	pl - none - none
kawtieli	pl - none - none
providenzi	pl - f - none
ġarar	pl - none - none
aħħarin	pl - none - none
qattarija	sg - f - none
seksieka	sg - f - none
tikrim	sg - m - none
wegħri	sg - m - none
telgħa	sg - f - none
fetfitija	sg - f - none
reġjuni	pl - none - none
favur	sg - m - none
dewwimija	sg - f - none
taħrixa	sg - f - none
ċkejken	sg - m - none
berridin	pl - none - none
gwerriera	sg - f - none
dgħajfien	sg - m - none
qarriegħa	pl - none - none
xalpi	pl - none - none
rumminiet	pl - none - none
prammatiku	sg - m - none
ftaqir	sg - m - none
trasport	sg - m - none
mengħa	sg - f - none
kantawturi	pl - none - none
tarrafija	sg - f - none
qmura	pl - none - none
xaqlibiet	pl - none - none
adegwati	pl - none - none
prolifiku	sg - m - none
żewqiet	pl - none - none
naqla	sg - f - none
vermut	sg - m - none
waħħaxa	sg - f - none
show	sg - m - none
ġessisin	pl - none - none
boċnin	pl - none - none
tibgħila	sg - f - none
topiku	sg - m - none
limitati	pl - none - none
xandara	sg - f - none
nies	coll - m - none
kexkixin	pl - none - none
taħlif	sg - m - none
paċier	sg - m - none
taħriġiet	pl - none - none
ħasja	sg - f - none
wellidin	pl - none - none
qandilin	pl - none - none
biskotti	pl - none - none
żambarija	pl - none - none
qanċiċa	pl - none - none
lewwieni	sg - m - none
ċarezza	sg - f - none
friefex	pl - none - none
skawts	pl - none - none
stejjer	pl - none - none
labriet	pl - none - none
taflija	sg - f - none
żarbuna	sg - f - none
leħħiet	pl - none - none
romantiċiżmu	sg - m - none
tbaskit	sg - m - none
dawwalin	pl - none - none
miċeċ	pl - none - none
mkatar	pl - none - none
tqarbin	coll - m - none
zokkor	sg - m - none
mowtorbowt	sg - f - none
welfer	sg - m - none
ġwejjef	pl - none - none
favettiet	pl - none - none
ċarar	pl - none - none
għelejjel	pl - none - none
bbażati	pl - none - none
ħfief	pl - none - none
żippijiet	pl - none - none
bidu	sg - m - none
taħbita	sg - f - none
jleqqu	pl - none - none
mqasab	pl - none - none
ħżejża	sg - f - diminutive
qisien	pl - none - none
fatat	sg - m - none
karrijiet	pl - m - none
mutraba	sg - f - none
ħannuxija	sg - f - none
anakronistiku	sg - m - none
taħliġa	sg - f - none
għawma	sg - f - none
satranin	pl - none - none
lift	sg - m - none
vokali	sg - none - none
prinċipjanti	pl - none - none
beċċun	sg - m - none
tħatina	sg - f - none
rużinjol	sg - m - none
barradin	pl - none - none
mutrabin	pl - none - none
ħawwifija	sg - f - none
rikk	sg - m - none
diq	sg - m - none
prun	sg - m - none
mingħul	sg - m - none
benniena	sg - f - none
dwalija	sg - f - none
taħnina	sg - f - none
weswies	sg - m - none
tajjara	pl - none - none
fossa	sg - f - none
mtajar	pl - none - none
taħfifa	sg - f - none
forom	pl - none - none
prim	sg - m - none
tigdima	sg - f - none
kirurġika	sg - f - none
oxxena	sg - f - none
suċċessiv	sg - m - none
dallama	sg - f - none
tiġgħil 	sg - m - none
tqanfid	coll - m - none
taħsir	sg - m - none
dlil	sg - m - none
tanbarija	sg - f - none
bżar	none - m - none
widbiet	pl - none - none
martellina	sg - f - none
sewwieqa	sg - f - none
kemmieda	sg - f - none
ferfiriet	pl - none - none
tibqit	sg - m - none
gradenza	sg - f - none
serrieq	sg - m - none
skarpell	sg - m - none
ħażżieqi	sg - m - none
farfett	sg - m - none
tribù	sg - m - none
qaddibin	pl - none - none
awtopsija	sg - f - none
tħatira	sg - f - none
pranzijiet	pl - none - none
blejhin	pl - none - none
battamija	sg - f - none
tbexxix	sg - m - none
stilla	sg - f - none
vulkaniċi	pl - none - none
tiflila	sg - f - none
bejjinin	pl - none - none
qawwejja	sg - f - none
estinta	sg - f - none
kaotika	sg - f - none
tilqixa	sg - f - none
taqriqa	sg - f - none
gass	sg - m - none
diżordni	sg - m - none
tweġiba	sg - f - none
maħżen	sg - m - none
mkabbra	sg - m - none
tmugħin	pl - none - none
dieta	sg - f - none
nemex	coll - none - none
lbis	sg - m - none
rqad	sg - m - none
miżegħda	sg - f - none
diri	sg - m - none
kamriera	sg - f - none
konkorsi	pl - m - none
mirakoluż	sg - m - none
ħajnija	sg - f - none
semplifikata	sg - f - none
ġarrar	sg - m - none
dewwimin	pl - none - none
fellieli	sg - m - none
najtklabb	sg - m - none
rebħa	sg - f - none
gabarrejiet	pl - none - none
ħejjum	sg - m - none
indiċiijiet	pl - m - none
theżżiża	sg - f - none
għajjur	sg - m - none
għarus	sg - m - none
mqarba	pl - none - none
tiżriq	sg - m - none
qbadi	coll - m - none
qaddiebi	sg - m - none
skietja	pl - none - none
ħrara	sg - f - none
molekuli	pl - none - none
demgħat	pl - none - none
xitwi	sg - m - none
mwies	pl - none - none
turmenti	pl - none - none
irreferejna	none - none - none
tlegħiq	sg - m - none
amministrati	pl - none - none
sudditu	sg - m - none
tamtila	sg - f - none
komplementarju	sg - m - none
farsa	sg - f - none
kontijiet	pl - m - none
merdqux	coll - m - none
ħlejqiet	pl - none - diminutive
qattilin	pl - none - none
djun	pl - none - none
wegħrin	pl - none - none
diżgrazzji	pl - none - none
għasluġ	sg - m - none
iżgħar	none - none - comparative
libbies	sg - m - none
taħlisa	sg - f - none
lozjoni	sg - f - none
amajjar	pl - none - none
tqawwijiet	pl - none - none
żaddamija	sg - f - none
qarrara	sg - f - none
ġewwa	sg - f - none
Franċiża	sg - f - none
battalin	pl - none - none
wegħiedi	sg - m - none
sinjorina	sg - f - none
tnikkira	sg - f - none
qaddiesa	pl - none - none
petputin	pl - none - none
twerdin	coll - m - none
mikxufa	sg - f - none
dbibiet	pl - none - none
wegħiera	sg - f - none
sellikin	pl - none - none
appartament	sg - m - none
tħanżira	sg - f - none
komplessi	pl - none - none
bexxieqi	sg - m - none
farex	pl - none - none
ċangaturi	pl - none - none
tkaken	pl - none - none
projbizzjoni	sg - f - none
taqqalin	pl - none - none
kruċjali	none - none - none
meruż	sg - m - none
prussjana	sg - f - none
biżantina	sg - f - none
fakkarija	sg - f - none
petpieta	sg - f - none
psataż	pl - none - none
dmejgħa	sg - f - diminutive
loġiku	sg - m - none
sewwisija	sg - f - none
semmimija	sg - f - none
didattiċi	pl - none - none
konsekuttiv	sg - m - none
bżawi	pl - none - none
ħammarija	sg - f - none
żerrigħin	pl - none - none
fdat	sg - m - none
barxa	sg - f - none
ikkawżata	sg - f - none
qarrejja	pl - none - none
żarġun	sg - m - none
sweter	sg - m - none
sillabi	pl - m - none
nagħniegħat	pl_det - none - none
ħġajriet	pl - none - none
ġarrafi	sg - m - none
viżiv	sg - m - none
nikkier	sg - m - none
maħnaq	sg - m - none
naħla	sg - f - none
xaqliba	sg - f - none
tnewwila	sg - f - none
qwilija	sg - f - none
laħliħin	pl - none - none
ikkunsidrati	pl - none - none
semafori	pl - none - none
bidliet	pl - none - none
timijiet	pl - m - none
trumbetta	sg - f - none
ippjanata	sg - f - none
tikjifa	sg - f - none
antikitajiet	pl - none - none
qerriedi	sg - m - none
titligħa	sg - f - none
tal-għaġeb	sg - m - none
darba	sg - f - none
maqbad	sg - m - none
koalizzjonijiet	pl - none - none
mlievez	pl - none - none
dehhieb	sg - m - none
xjentifika	sg - f - none
tined	pl - none - none
tipjiz	sg - m - none
wiġġibin	pl - none - none
tifxila	sg - f - none
mibrum	sg - m - none
kawzi	pl - f - none
ġerħa	sg - f - none
varjabilitajiet	pl - none - none
tmugħija	pl - none - none
masħarija	sg - f - none
frigħ	sg - m - none
armati	pl - none - none
re	sg - m - none
kesħa	sg - f - none
mseqqra	pl - none - none
naħħaqi	sg - m - none
pepprin	sg - m - none
Ċiniża	sg - f - none
Naxxarin	pl - none - none
tqarnisa	sg - f - none
ħtajriet	pl - none - diminutive
kexkixa	sg - f - none
turxana	sg - f - none
vistu	sg - m - none
nassara	pl - none - none
organizzat	sg - m - none
kuntrast	sg - m - none
deżerti	pl - m - none
ferridin	pl - none - none
namur	sg - m - none
karba	sg - f - none
mgħarwlin	pl - none - none
laqqata	sg - f - none
twassila	sg - f - none
qattanin	pl - none - none
nisi	sg - m - none
saħħabin	pl - none - none
artistiku	sg - m - none
maxturi	pl - none - none
serrieqa	sg - f - none
ġenetiċi	pl - none - none
konnessjoni	sg - f - none
tkemmixa	sg - f - none
tqassit	sg - m - none
seksifija	pl - none - none
bożnijaċi	pl - none - none
sawwaf	sg - m - none
rħas	none - none - none
felul	pl - none - none
tawwala	pl - none - none
miżża	sg - f - none
trejħa	sg - f - none
dgħumin	pl - none - none
ġeoloġiku	sg - m - none
nfid	sg - m - none
mqanżaħ	sg - m - none
għerq	sg - m - none
żejdien	sg - m - none
mrikkba	sg - f - none
naġġara	none - f - none
briks	sg - m - none
ċirasi	pl - none - none
bardana	sg - f - none
sellitin	pl - none - none
ċartiet	pl - none - none
ġeografiku	sg - m - none
nawwarija	pl - none - none
tħanxil	sg - m - none
ikkundannata	sg - f - none
tħattib	sg - m - none
magħad	sg - m - none
aritmetika	sg - f - none
tendenza	sg - f - none
deħika	sg - f - none
tebbieqa	pl - none - none
kummiedji	pl - none - none
tixbik	sg - m - none
tmigħ	sg - m - none
xorti	sg - f - none
tibsima	sg - f - none
kontroversjali	none - none - none
temima	sg - f - none
fettitin	pl - none - none
novizz	sg - m - none
ġannati	sg - m - none
stokk	sg - m - none
kerhinija	sg - f - none
taħtuħa	sg - f - none
ħabbież	sg - m - none
titriħa	sg - f - none
mirżuħa	sg - f - none
stimi	pl - none - none
kalċijiet	pl - none - none
delizzjużi	pl - none - none
ħwejlin	pl - none - diminutive
dewwiqija	sg - f - none
dejjieqi	sg - m - none
mnieħer	pl - m - none
qniedel	pl - none - none
dinastija	sg - f - none
ħaxxiexa	sg - f - none
kanarini	pl - none - none
tinsiet	pl - none - none
żerżira	sg - f - none
tfelfil	sg - m - none
qaxqaxin	pl - none - none
qanċieċa	pl - none - none
tiswiqa	sg - f - none
taffejja	pl - none - none
żġejġa	sg - f - none
ġenwina	sg - f - none
zappuniet	pl - none - none
ħassiet	pl - none - none
mikħal	sg - m - none
qaħqieħi	sg - m - none
snejgħa	sg - f - none
ċrieket	pl - none - none
plattini	pl - none - none
qrieq	pl - none - none
mżiġ	sg - m - none
miżien	sg - m - none
qabbadin	pl - none - none
għoljiet	pl - f - none
napoleoniku	sg - m - none
misem	sg - m - none
brejgħed	sg - m - diminutive
pinzellati	pl - none - none
ħsawi	pl - none - none
protestanti	pl - m - none
ħarrar	sg - m - none
żerriegħa	pl - none - none
ħatmija	sg - f - none
dwiewem	pl - none - none
venvin	coll - m - none
ġurija	sg - f - none
heżżiżija	sg - f - none
ommijiet	pl - f - none
maratoni	pl - f - none
qassamija	pl - none - none
orkestri	pl - f - none
dabbar	sg - m - none
tifrigħa	sg - f - none
uniċi	pl - none - none
kostellazzjoni	sg - f - none
tibħir	sg - m - none
tferrixa	sg - f - none
bidien	sg - m - none
sebbiħija	sg - f - none
aringa	sg - f - none
tiżhira	sg - f - none
isħan	none - none - comparative
werċ	sg - m - none
battan	sg - m - none
kuntatti	pl - m - none
nirien	pl - none - none
atea	sg - f - none
qassam	sg - m - none
qrajsiet	pl - none - none
tqabbid	sg - m - none
fittiexa	sg - f - none
resqa	sg - m - none
saffajjiet	pl - none - none
werrieċa	sg - f - none
sejjiefa	pl - none - none
sjuf	pl - none - none
dentista	sg - m - none
dieti	pl - f - none
qorrigħat	pl - none - none
xħaħ	pl - none - none
barradiet	pl - none - none
antipasti	pl - none - none
waħħama	sg - f - none
interess	sg - m - none
swiċis	pl - none - none
eccellenzi	pl - f - none
mejliqin	pl - none - none
ħadriet	pl - none - none
tkewkib	coll - m - none
mirdum	sg - m - none
rixtiela	pl - none - none
tipiku	sg - m - none
assistenti	pl - m - none
mirja	pl - none - none
rivolvers	pl - none - none
mimxutin	pl - none - none
art	sg - f - none
tilkima	sg - f - none
dammiemi	sg - m - none
astużi	pl - none - none
taħfira	sg - f - none
ekwaturi	pl - none - none
tajjar	sg - m - none
infraklassijiet	pl - f - none
ġebbisin	pl - none - none
pespusi	sg - m - none
delizzju	sg - m - none
ellittika	sg - f - none
Ewropea	sg - f - none
rqajja'	pl - none - none
adulterju	sg - m - none
twellija	sg - m - none
liġijiet	pl - f - none
tmegħiża	sg - f - none
tisbika	sg - f - none
gerrifin	pl - none - none
ħabbari	sg - m - none
kubritiet	pl - none - none
manteniment	sg - m - none
tqabbila	sg - f - none
ħaddarin	pl - none - none
laqqama	sg - f - none
episodju	sg - m - none
delikata	sg - f - none
abbandunat	sg - m - none
qajjieda	sg - f - none
dizzjunarju	sg - m - none
ħassara	sg - f - none
ewro	pl - m - none
twarrid	sg - m - none
ġesti	pl - none - none
tromba	sg - f - none
fejjidin	pl - none - none
filġa	sg - f - none
selq	coll - none - none
żebbiegħi	sg - m - none
qarn	sg - m - none
heddimin	pl - none - none
tifwiħa	sg - f - none
webbieli	sg - m - none
tisfija	sg - f - none
tawwatin	pl - none - none
ħajjat	sg - m - none
ħniżrija	sg - f - none
meċlieqa	pl - none - none
qardiet	pl - none - none
tiblisa	sg - f - none
qandli	sg - m - none
tbeżżila	sg - f - none
romblaturin	pl - none - none
tarġa	sg - f - none
kollaborattiva	sg - f - none
tenfiex	sg - m - none
ebusija	sg - f - none
ffirmati	pl - none - none
dirka	sg - f - none
toqba	sg - f - none
infallibiltà	sg - f - none
tbajtira	sg - f - none
kelliema	pl - none - none
ġarr	sg - m - none
trembila	sg - f - none
frekwenzi	pl - f - none
drik	sg - m - none
kanoniċi	pl - none - none
dafra	sg - f - none
xkubetta	sg - f - none
taħtin	sg - m - none
ħażżieni	sg - m - none
mazez	pl - none - none
qassatin	pl - none - none
jassara	sg - f - none
tindif	none - none - none
srik	sg - m - none
barraxa	sg - f - none
taħtit	sg - m - none
severs	pl - none - none
emerġenza	sg - f - none
riedna	sg - f - none
puplesija	sg - f - none
taħlitiet	pl - none - none
tbergħida	sg - f - none
tejjibin	pl - none - none
qatra	sg - f - none
ħajja	sg - f - none
uniku	sg - m - none
ħaffirin	pl - none - none
tbieqi	pl - none - none
letlieta	pl - none - none
kanna	sg - f - none
qammas	sg - m - none
reqdin	pl - none - none
tibna	sg - f - none
skjavi	pl - none - none
ġidma	sg - f - none
rħamijiet	pl_pl - none - none
żenninin	pl - none - none
kirurġiji	pl - none - none
urajda	sg - f - none
tħallis	sg - m - none
għama	sg - m - none
ipokrita	sg - none - none
traġedja	sg - f - none
marrariet	pl - none - none
iskwadri	pl - f - none
ċekċieka	sg - f - none
ttrattati	pl - none - none
żwiemel	pl - none - none
qabbar	sg - m - none
tħettif	sg - m - none
tweżina	sg - f - none
teatru	sg - m - none
naħnuħin	pl - none - none
taqwir	sg - m - none
ċrieki	pl - none - none
rollijiet	pl - none - none
orkestra	sg - f - none
petputa	pl - none - none
forn	sg - m - none
trijangli	pl - none - none
maħdar	sg - m - none
tellerita	sg - f - none
għesieleġ	pl - none - none
ħuttafiet	pl - none - none
ħafifa	sg - f - none
żeffiena	sg - f - none
vultaġġi	pl - none - none
nassasija	sg - f - none
tbahrida	sg - f - none
piżelli	pl - none - none
qabbiżin	pl - none - none
ħabbieba	sg - f - none
lokien	pl - none - none
faħxija	sg - f - none
ħniedaq	pl - none - none
twiddina	sg - f - none
nawna	sg - f - none
qallej	sg - m - none
qammilin	pl - none - none
sawwama	sg - f - none
ferrieqa	sg - f - none
furjaniża	sg - f - none
taħsira	sg - f - none
tidhib	sg - m - none
mlebilba	sg - f - none
palmier	sg - m - none
ħadra	sg - f - none
swali	pl - none - none
trojjana	sg - f - none
miżwed	pl - none - none
nassaba	sg - f - none
pressjonijiet	pl - f - none
pastarda	sg - f - none
unifikati	pl - none - none
ġewwiħija	sg - f - none
tikjida	sg - f - none
sabwejs	pl - none - none
lebbiet	sg - m - none
baqqiegħ	sg - m - none
approprjata	sg - f - none
waqqiegħa	sg - f - none
kowċ	sg - m - none
sattar	sg - m - none
addattata	sg - f - none
lvent	sg - m - none
qmajjar	sg - m - none
ġlejda	sg - f - diminutive
takkuna	sg - f - none
ħallasin	pl - none - none
taħniqa	sg - f - none
namruża	sg - f - none
motto	sg - m - none
galliża	sg - f - none
sferika	sg - f - none
maqgħad	sg - m - none
żaddamin	pl - none - none
ħandaq	sg - m - none
konfronti	pl - m - none
tisrika	sg - f - none
koalizzjoni	sg - f - none
alfabet	sg - m - none
teħmis	sg - m - none
transformer	sg - m - none
sikka	sg - f - none
kalkulatur	sg - m - none
berbiex	sg - m - none
kbajjar	sg - m - diminutive
dejqien	sg - m - none
ħġajra	sg - f - none
serviliżmi	pl - none - none
bandil	sg - m - none
naqqar	sg - m - none
fetħiet	pl - none - none
żengil	coll - m - none
pasparin	pl - none - none
ħaffiefa	sg - f - none
debb	sg - m - none
qafla	sg - f - none
theżhiż	none - none - none
xebbiet	pl - none - none
ġustizzji	pl - none - none
arloġġ	sg - m - none
tmejliqa	sg - f - none
niġġisija	pl - none - none
sabwej	sg - m - none
uniformijiet	pl - none - none
bewwieta	sg - f - none
tisjit	sg - m - none
kandidati	pl - m - none
għadab	sg - m - none
mejlieqa	pl - none - none
parti	sg - m - none
privati	pl - none - none
blejbel	sg - m - diminutive
wied	sg - m - none
tipi	pl - m - none
nagħniegħa	sg - f - none
wekkej	sg - m - none
mweġġa'	sg - m - none
padruni	pl - none - none
saffajja	pl - none - none
tħellisa	sg - f - none
figorini	pl - none - none
labra	sg - f - none
ħjieli	sg - m - none
tiswin	sg - m - none
nomofobiji	pl - none - none
rexqa	sg - f - none
filosofiku	sg - m - none
qalb	sg - m - none
mewwieġi	sg - m - none
mnikktin	pl - none - none
dikkienat	pl - none - none
barbiera	pl - none - none
filjozza	sg - f - none
tħaxxixa	sg - f - none
mgħawġin	pl - none - none
taffejja	sg - f - none
ħaljiet	pl - none - none
sega	sg - f - none
ħammilin	pl - none - none
tiġrija	sg - f - none
ferqa	sg - f - none
ħaddani	sg - m - none
użata	sg - f - none
xurbana	pl - none - none
xarabankijiet	pl - none - none
ridikola	sg - f - none
mitluf	sg - m - none
pxiepex	pl - none - none
strateġika	sg - f - none
tebbieqi	sg - m - none
timbri	pl - m - none
raġel	sg - m - none
tqarqiċa	sg - f - none
saqsieqa	sg - f - none
kosbor	sg - m - none
mewta	sg - f - none
tħarkina	sg - f - none
tjubija	sg - f - none
miżżi	pl - none - none
dehxi	sg - m - none
nixxufijiet	pl - none - none
tempra	sg - f - none
semifinalist	sg - m - none
tbambila	sg - f - none
sandar	sg - m - none
rtirati	pl - none - none
Spanjoli	pl - none - none
tfettiħ	sg - m - none
ġiraffi	pl - none - none
dinjitajiet	pl - f - none
għasafar	pl - none - none
xifer	sg - m - none
erezzjoni	sg - f - none
fellisin	pl - none - none
sagrifiċċji	pl - m - none
qwawar	pl - none - none
tibżira	sg - f - none
elettromanjetiku	sg - m - none
nemnimin	pl - none - none
żengir	coll - m - none
qajjiela	pl - none - none
żengiel	sg - m - none
berfilin	pl - none - none
żenninija	pl - none - none
tħabit	sg - m - none
kittifija	sg - f - none
tkissiba	sg - f - none
sbul	coll - m - none
reazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
frosta	sg - f - none
bdil	sg - m - none
żellimin	pl - none - none
tewjiet	pl - none - none
tiċliqa	sg - f - none
kabord	pl - none - none
żekżikija	pl - none - none
sospensjoni	sg - f - none
maxxat	sg - m - none
tmallita	sg - f - none
naffadin	pl - none - none
kartoċċ	sg - m - none
sodisfatta	sg - f - none
ħedla	sg - f - none
żhajriet	pl - none - none
ħbejjel	sg - m - diminutive
saborra	sg - f - none
werriqija	sg - f - none
preseduti	pl - none - none
ġellidin	pl - none - none
żvizzeri	pl - none - none
sħan	pl - none - none
bażżar	sg - m - none
keskisin	pl - none - none
tiġbira	sg - f - none
virati	pl - none - none
mutrab	sg - m - none
taħrisa	sg - f - none
mehrież	sg - m - none
taħtnin	pl - none - none
gliegel	pl - none - none
nikkieta	sg - f - none
korruzzjonijiet	pl - f - none
ħtijiet	pl - none - none
tiżgħira	sg - f - none
tbaħħira	sg - f - none
merħ	sg - m - none
dogmatiku	sg - m - none
żajbar	coll - m - none
trieħi	pl - none - none
sawwata	sg - f - none
dijabete	sg - f - none
makakka	sg - f - none
mbażar	pl - none - none
imħabbara	sg - f - none
tmeċmiċa	sg - f - none
petizzjoni	sg - f - none
gażżaj	sg - m - none
magħquda	sg - f - none
qabrin	pl - none - none
katnazz	sg - m - none
tletija	sg - f - none
mormija	pl - none - none
simili	none - none - none
jirrefere	none - none - none
dammimija	sg - f - none
popolati	pl - none - none
ġenniena	pl - none - none
munzelli	pl - none - none
lsejjen	sg - m - diminutive
mġienen	pl - none - none
ikkunsidrat	sg - m - none
qattigħin	pl - none - none
skonfort	sg - m - none
taqwil	sg - m - none
tbattim	sg - m - none
qosor	none - none - none
liedni	pl - none - none
ħanxu	sg - m - none
likwidi	pl - none - none
ħjiel	sg - f - none
gaġeġ	pl - none - none
teleks	sg - m - none
heżżiżin	pl - none - none
webbiel	sg - m - none
ipprattikat	sg - m - none
utieqa	pl - none - none
seffidiet	pl - none - none
sawwarin	pl - none - none
kollaboraturi	pl - m - none
umbrella	sg - f - none
munzellar	coll - m - none
nikkiera	sg - f - none
mnissla	sg - f - none
tħaġġiba	sg - f - none
ċegħda	sg - f - none
belbula	sg - f - none
moros	pl - none - none
niddejja	pl - none - none
għarajjes	pl - none - none
mingħula	pl - none - none
tbarwiż	sg - m - none
sruġ	pl - none - none
mrażżnin	pl - none - none
lampuki	pl - none - none
berfiel	sg - m - none
valiġġi	pl - none - none
naddarin	pl - none - none
glorjużi	pl - none - none
tkewwis	sg - m - none
tkasbira	sg - f - none
akwarell	sg - m - none
widnejn	pl - none - none
nemsa	pl - none - none
tkellim	sg - m - none
gerfiexi	sg - m - none
saħħar	sg - m - none
tnegħiġa	sg - f - none
brejkijiet	pl - none - none
sefsiefa	sg - f - none
manetta	sg - f - none
attiv	sg - m - none
ażżmi	pl - none - none
kemxa	sg - f - none
ħotba	sg - f - none
skoċċiżi	pl - none - none
tawwalin	pl - none - none
ċangun	sg - m - none
didattika	sg - f - none
kriterji	pl - m - none
masħarija	pl - none - none
esperjenzi	pl - none - none
sorveljanzi	pl - f - none
qxajri	sg - m - none
pistola	sg - f - none
lanġasija	sg - f - none
telligħin	pl - none - none
frejgħa	sg - f - diminutive
nkejja	sg - f - none
qaddieba	sg - f - none
bażra	sg - f - none
tbellila	sg - f - none
dajjar	sg - m - none
mgħażaq	pl - none - none
ilġma	pl - none - none
kuntrabandi	pl - m - none
skont	sg - m - none
barrin	pl - none - none
ħaffieri	sg - m - none
stramba	sg - f - none
tbeżżiq	sg - m - none
maqjel	sg - m - none
zuppjatura	pl - none - none
medda	sg - f - none
skandli	pl - none - none
kiebja	sg - f - none
skjava	sg - f - none
biljett	sg - m - none
terriqija	sg - f - none
qmas	sg - m - none
nsib	sg - m - none
tajriet	pl - none - none
bekkej	sg - m - none
diżappuntat	sg - f - none
qrun	pl - none - none
kessej	sg - m - none
paċifika	sg - f - none
twebbila	sg - f - none
tierja	sg - f - none
lenbebija	pl - none - none
żelu	sg - m - none
pizzeriji	pl - none - none
bwejjet	sg - m - diminutive
numru	sg - f - none
appostoliċi	pl - none - none
kerċuħa	sg - f - none
appassjonata	sg - f - none
qammilin	pl - none - none
seksikin	pl - none - none
bajtra	sg - f - none
tinġis	sg - m - none
marrarija	sg - f - none
mifragħ	sg - m - none
oqfla	pl - none - none
żona	sg - f - none
taħjit	sg - m - none
tħallisa	sg - f - none
katidral	sg - m - none
indiġestjoni	sg - f - none
minfaħ	sg - m - mimated
skejkniet	pl - none - none
ġelbiena	sg - f - none
tlabbir	sg - m - none
sarsur	sg - m - none
sfajra	pl - none - none
storbjużi	pl - none - none
newwiħin	pl - none - none
kanarina	sg - f - none
naplitan	sg - m - none
teqrida	sg - f - none
tieqa	sg - f - none
ħniżrijiet	pl - none - none
tisrira	sg - f - none
belliqija	sg - f - none
dokument	sg - m - none
derrisin	pl - none - none
berfiliet	pl - none - none
tinbija	sg - f - none
żebbieġa	sg - f - none
grież	pl - none - none
kiċinett	sg - f - none
setħiet	pl - none - none
bronkiters	pl - none - none
segretarja	sg - f - none
tiswit	sg - m - none
ħawħa	sg - f - none
rankijiet	pl - none - none
żejt	sg - m - none
fissidija	sg - f - none
tamtira	sg - f - none
tqaxlifa	sg - f - none
żebbiela	sg - f - none
frieken	pl - none - none
affettwat	sg - m - none
drittijiet	pl - m - none
tewmiet	pl - none - none
taħtib	sg - m - none
tparpira	sg - f - none
akkademiċi	pl - none - none
maġiks	pl - m - none
qoton	coll - m - none
ċansijiet	pl - m - none
terriqin	pl - none - none
keffief	sg - m - none
qwar	pl - none - none
ħuxlief	coll - m - none
blalen	pl - none - none
proċessjonijiet	pl - none - none
żejjitin	pl - none - none
baħbiħin	pl - none - none
ħuġġieġi	sg - m - none
għadrien	sg - m - none
ħkim	sg - m - none
oqmra	pl - none - none
migref	sg - m - none
qarjiet	pl - none - none
nfexxa	sg - f - none
etniċ	sg - m - none
mselħa	sg - f - none
sahra	sg - f - none
tħellis	sg - m - none
tirqigħ	sg - m - none
tlaħħim	sg - m - none
irrekordjata	sg - f - none
bellieq	sg - m - none
stilistika	sg - f - none
qaxqax	sg - m - none
tnabar	pl - none - none
geżżej	sg - m - none
werriqija	pl - none - none
ħafa	coll - f - none
banditur	sg - m - none
tbeżżigħa	sg - f - none
turufnament	sg - m - none
sattarin	pl - none - none
bagħli	sg - m - none
żagħfran	coll - m - none
demmiela	sg - f - none
żibeġ	pl - none - none
nabbeja	sg - f - none
diskussjoni	sg - f - none
pnewmonji	pl - none - none
manbar	sg - m - none
sillaba	sg - f - none
karrabi	sg - m - none
testmenti	pl - m - none
ġifen	sg - m - none
klieb	pl - none - none
kefriji	pl - none - none
finta	sg - f - none
qejjiema	pl - none - none
qaħbunazza	pl - none - none
skomdu	sg - m - none
qardaxa	sg - f - none
fettilija	sg - f - none
dehen	sg - m - none
ġewwiħin	pl - none - none
qabbilija	sg - f - none
tiżfina	sg - f - none
priża	sg - f - none
ħobża	sg - f - none
mantarija	sg - f - none
tiħjib	sg - m - none
tfaħħixa	sg - f - none
kuxjenza	sg - f - none
akkademika	sg - f - none
insetti	pl - m - none
meħtieġa	pl - none - none
entità	sg - f - none
qfief	pl - none - none
tawwara	sg - f - none
artab	sg - m - none
xhieda	pl - none - none
inkursjonijiet	pl - f - none
teokratika	sg - f - none
tbaħbiħ	sg - m - none
tgeddisa	sg - f - none
għażżiela	pl - none - none
milsen	sg - m - none
buswejda	none - none - none
figurattiv	sg - m - none
papoċċ	sg - m - none
qoton	coll - none - none
barrani	sg - m - none
poetika	sg - f - none
risposti	pl - f - none
ħanniena	sg - f - none
kalabriża	sg - f - none
tislijiet	pl - none - none
tbergħin	sg - m - none
edukattiva	sg - f - none
dehni	sg - m - none
sahharija	sg - f - none
mitoloġiċi	pl - none - none
oħt	sg - f - none
ġild	coll - m - none
kunjati	pl - none - none
lingwi	pl - f - none
edukattivi	pl - none - none
tqassima	sg - f - none
miċċ	sg - m - none
rokit	sg - m - none
buttuni	pl - none - none
megħra	sg - f - none
ħarġa	sg - f - none
karrabin	pl - none - none
mħalltin	pl - none - none
theddid	sg - m - none
tidwija	sg - f - none
ħażżiem	sg - m - none
ċuċuni	pl - none - none
fellisin	pl - none - none
deskrizzjoni	sg - f - none
tanburetti	pl - none - none
trofof	pl - none - none
sibla	sg - f - none
mnatar	pl - none - none
estremiżmu	sg - m - none
tertieqi	sg - m - none
paċpaċin	pl - none - none
nxif	sg - m - none
tiżlima	sg - f - none
mwarrba	pl - none - none
timxit	sg - m - none
biskott	sg - m - none
tisjif	sg - m - none
dedikazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
definita	sg - f - none
wardi	sg - m - none
żebliħa	sg - f - none
trigonometriku	sg - m - none
parroċċa	sg - f - none
ħarqiet	pl - none - none
ċrajta	sg - f - diminutive
midħla	sg - f - none
baħħar	sg - m - none
skulturi	pl - m - none
wejters	pl - none - none
ħajni	sg - m - none
evidenza	sg - f - none
matla'	sg - f - none
meeting	sg - m - none
qmiel	pl - none - none
istrixxi	pl - f - none
divertiment	sg - m - none
ħjata	sg - f - none
sefsifin	pl - none - none
rżiħ	sg - m - none
messisin	pl - none - none
bwieqi	pl - none - none
ħorma	sg - f - none
kappari	pl - none - none
fotokopja	sg - f - none
tertuxi	sg - m - none
meluda	sg - f - none
muqrana	sg - f - none
ċnagan	pl - none - none
tibrim	sg - m - none
alleat	sg - m - none
proċess	sg - m - none
vittorji	pl - none - none
ġegħied	sg - m - none
tġissim	sg - m - none
tfessiqa	sg - f - none
Torka	sg - f - none
żviluppati	pl - none - none
żegħiedi	sg - m - none
twarrib	sg - m - none
ammonti	pl - m - none
ħass	sg - m - none
msejkna	pl - none - none
mxammra	sg - f - none
werrieċi	sg - m - none
żarżur	sg - m - none
smajra	sg - f - none
kult	sg - m - none
għolitur	none - none - none
żmien	sg - m - none
elettriku	sg - m - none
grejpfrut	sg - f - none
żejjied	sg - m - none
kannella	sg - m - none
msella	sg - f - none
tibħit	sg - m - none
fekruna	sg - f - none
mandra	sg - f - none
tebbiek	sg - m - none
kefen	sg - m - none
għaxi	sg - m - none
sewdinin	pl - none - none
qarriħin	pl - none - none
żurrieqi	sg - m - none
sedattivi	pl - none - none
banavolja	sg - f - none
filosofika	sg - f - none
verdett	sg - m - none
ħarjiet	pl - none - none
sforz	sg - m - none
olandiża	sg - f - none
soċjalisti	pl - none - none
ġermaniċi	pl - none - none
qrubija	sg - f - none
gżejjer	pl - none - none
bluhat	pl - none - none
tperriċa	sg - f - none
sultana	sg - f - none
seħħ	none - none - none
qallata	sg - f - none
sibbikija	sg - f - none
tehmiż	sg - m - none
traċċa	sg - f - none
rwol	sg - m - none
appendiċitejiet	pl - none - none
tajjarin	pl - none - none
forok	pl - none - none
skalda	sg - f - none
żeffitin	pl - none - none
tellitin	pl - none - none
xafra	sg - f - none
nixfiet	pl - none - none
berbixin	pl - none - none
mogħtija	pl - none - none
tibġil	sg - m - none
sintassi	sg - m - none
tqarċil	coll - m - none
knejjes	pl - none - none
forensiku	sg - m - none
griewel	pl - none - none
nikkirin	pl - none - none
keddieda	sg - f - none
maksar	sg - m - none
żorr	sg - m - none
rdumijiet	pl - none - none
taħżiżiet	pl - none - none
ħmejjer	pl - none - none
trażmissjonijiet	pl - f - none
qżużijiet	pl - none - none
baqqiegħa	sg - f - none
sbiq	sg - m - none
pitturi	pl - f - none
nikkieti	sg - m - none
baqqigħat	pl - none - none
ħalf	sg - m - none
ħaxlifin	pl - none - none
frieħ	pl - none - none
ġgħuda	sg - f - none
sagħtira	sg - f - none
għoġġieba	pl - none - none
kuċċarina	sg - f - none
ħanniqija	sg - f - none
tinsil	sg - m - none
nebbieta	sg - f - none
sekkikin	pl - none - none
biżżilin	pl - none - none
papra	sg - f - none
felula	sg - f - none
ċaqliqa	sg - f - none
bwejsiet	pl - none - diminutive
twebbisa	sg - f - none
nissiġija	sg - f - none
naqnieq	sg - m - none
laqqamin	pl - none - none
baħbuħi	sg - m - none
gergiera	pl - none - none
speċjalizzata	sg - f - none
kliem	none - none - none
tenfiexa	pl - none - none
qanċiċu	sg - m - none
spazji	pl - none - none
qtajta	sg - f - none
xtur	pl - none - none
tħarrixa	sg - f - none
viljakka	sg - f - none
ċekkien	sg - m - none
ballata	sg - f - none
nqir	none - none - none
kissibin	pl - none - none
forċipijiet	pl - none - none
tħabbiża	sg - f - none
pexxun	sg - m - none
ferimenti	pl - none - none
saqajn	pl - m - none
ġometriku	sg - m - none
integrali	none - none - none
naqqiesi	sg - m - none
żerżuqija	sg - f - none
karmusa	sg - f - none
weswisija	pl - none - none
użufruttwarju	sg - m - none
ċuċ	sg - none - none
ċentri	pl - m - none
dekan	sg - m - none
aqwa	none - none - comparative
maħkumi	pl - none - none
aħwa	pl - none - none
tinqix	sg - m - none
ngħajsa	sg - f - diminutive
tarraġi	sg - m - none
arżnu	sg - m - none
ħoxħax	sg - m - none
ċlampu	sg - m - none
qaddimija	pl - none - none
qabbiela	sg - f - none
tħattira	sg - f - none
saħta	sg - f - none
mannasin	pl - none - none
għanqud	sg - m - none
petput	sg - m - none
daniż	sg - m - none
sinjur	sg - m - none
permanenti	sg - f - none
waħħad	sg - m - none
banek	pl - none - none
serfbords	pl - none - none
enamel	sg - m - none
jassarin	pl - none - none
ratifikati	pl - none - none
mtiefagħ	pl - none - none
tkaxkir	coll - m - none
rikonoxxuti	pl - none - none
żibġa	sg - f - none
serqa	sg - f - none
nattaħa	sg - f - none
ħebża	sg - f - none
millenji	pl - m - none
saqqaf	sg - m - none
sawniet	pl - none - none
nervuża	pl - none - none
tiġlid	sg - m - none
pitazz	sg - m - none
tħalħil	sg - m - none
turija	none - none - none
pizza	sg - f - none
żluqin	pl - none - none
erojċi	pl - none - none
ingliż	sg - m - none
kavallieri	pl - none - none
mtieħen	pl - none - none
inmsa	pl - none - none
tħabbis	sg - m - none
dħajkiet	pl - none - none
tqalligħa	sg - f - none
mitqliet	pl - none - none
xirja	sg - f - none
trajsikils	pl - none - none
mirkuba	sg - f - none
prattiċi	pl - none - none
sajfija	sg - f - none
marloġġ	pl - none - none
minuta	sg - f - none
daqqaqa	sg - f - none
ħaddanin	pl - none - none
qaċċatin	pl - none - none
werriċija	pl - none - none
tgħin	sg - m - none
mnaqar	pl - none - none
ħellisin	pl - none - none
kierjin	pl - none - none
ġbejna	sg - f - none
ħabbieża	sg - f - none
tidris	sg - m - none
kompozitur	sg - m - none
żorra	sg - f - none
tqarrim	sg - m - none
prinċpijiet	pl - none - none
bagħlunazzi	pl - none - none
strambi	pl - none - none
esperimenti	pl - m - none
vuċi	sg - f - none
nissieġ	sg - m - none
għani	sg - m - none
ktejjeb	sg - m - diminutive
ħarr	sg - m - none
rettili	sg - m - none
ħala	sg - f - none
qaxlifija	sg - f - none
ndih	none - none - none
qsar	pl - none - none
qanqalija	sg - f - none
qaħħaba	pl - none - none
jgħajtu	pl - none - none
kwadri	pl - m - none
mantar	sg - m - none
skontijiet	pl - m - none
attent	sg - m - none
żarradi	sg - m - none
żegżig	coll - m - none
patrijottiku	sg - m - none
dehxa	sg - f - none
mewwiġin	pl - none - none
ġwejjef	sg - m - diminutive
treddis	sg - m - none
latini	pl - none - none
dejjiqin	pl - none - none
retħa	sg - f - none
tagħliba	none - none - none
tbaqqiq	none - none - none
iġġovar	none - none - none
żaqqejja	sg - f - none
siltiet	pl - none - none
dehwa	sg - f - none
kundizzjoni	sg - f - none
tqegħid	sg - m - none
fakriet	pl - none - none
oxxenitajiet	pl - none - none
tmaħħija	sg - f - none
gallettini	pl - none - none
żejti	sg - m - none
pjanti	pl - none - none
tħettifa	sg - f - none
żebbuġiet	pl - none - none
tewmin	pl - none - none
ferq	sg - m - none
barważ	sg - m - none
rejżer	sg - m - none
werritija	sg - f - none
saffarija	pl - none - none
qarrasija	sg - f - none
servjent	sg - m - none
qim	none - none - none
tagħġin	none - none - none
ġennibija	sg - f - none
għakrux	sg - m - none
vampi	pl - none - none
qoffiet	sg - none - none
nofs	sg - m - none
fornituri	pl - none - none
aċċettati	pl - none - none
ftehima	sg - f - none
xarbitella	sg - f - none
imbuskata	sg - f - none
mitjar	sg - m - none
kittieba	sg - f - none
mitfa	sg - f - none
inkartamenti	pl - none - none
tinfiħ	sg - m - none
mużqaq	sg - m - none
tarek	pl - none - none
alkoħoliku	sg - m - none
tneħħija	sg - f - none
bibliċi	pl - none - none
pajsaġġ	sg - m - none
leblibiet	pl - none - none
twarriba	sg - f - none
ragħda	sg - f - none
roll	sg - m - none
laqqatin	pl - none - none
badbidin	pl - none - none
għabir	none - none - none
bergamiż	sg - m - none
ċallasa	sg - f - none
qalziet	sg - m - none
ġiddiema	sg - f - none
tertuxija	pl - none - none
tingiża	sg - f - none
manwal	sg - m - none
baxxut 	sg - m - none
ħadran	sg - m - none
sħit	sg - m - none
preċett	sg - m - none
peniċillina	sg - f - none
magħmulin	pl - none - none
imħabbar	sg - m - none
vasti	pl - none - none
tabtila	sg - f - none
nejja	sg - f - none
berrieda	sg - f - none
ferridin	pl - none - none
awtletts	pl - none - none
baħri	sg - m - none
ikexkex	sg - m - none
ċiniż	sg - m - none
ħaffifin	pl - none - none
użufruttwarja	pl - none - none
żqajquqi	pl - none - none
prussjani	pl - none - none
naħnuħa	pl - none - none
ħabbieżi	sg - m - none
kulturi	pl - f - none
ħafra	sg - f - none
saħqa	sg - f - none
milsa	sg - f - none
liġma	sg - f - none
soċjalisti	pl - m - none
tberriq	sg - m - none
lira	sg - f - none
fenomenu	sg - m - none
ċagħka	sg - f - none
ħemel	sg - m - none
qsajrin	pl - none - none
materjalistika	sg - f - none
majnata	sg - f - none
krafes	pl - none - none
ġerħiet	pl - none - none
qaċċat	sg - m - none
kannokkjali	sg - m - none
kanzunetta	sg - f - none
bażokki	pl - none - none
garantit	sg - m - none
bażika	sg - f - none
ktiba	sg - f - none
frodi	sg - f - none
gowlkiper	sg - m - none
titwita	sg - f - none
ulieda	sg - f - none
ġojjier	sg - m - none
bandli	pl - none - none
brawżer	sg - m - none
dbib	sg - m - none
boloh	pl - none - none
tismira	sg - f - none
xniexel	pl - none - none
ballett	sg - m - none
lagħaqi	sg - m - none
gerbejbiet	pl - none - none
sabbatin	pl - none - none
lanez	pl - none - none
tbejna	sg - f - none
vulkani	pl - none - none
tismina	sg - f - none
tberbiqa	sg - f - none
qaħbuniet	pl - none - none
spjuni	pl - none - none
tennis	sg - m - none
newla	sg - f - none
liwjiet	pl - none - none
ismijiet	pl - none - none
mterqiet	pl - none - none
rikonoxxenti	sg - m - none
ħelsa	sg - f - none
ħoxon	sg - m - none
żagħgħara	sg - f - none
qejjimin	pl - none - none
temmigħin	pl - none - none
lpup	pl - none - none
tisdiqa	sg - f - none
okulista	sg - m - none
artikli	pl - none - none
misliet	pl - none - none
laqam	sg - m - none
għodrien	sg - m - none
heddied	sg - m - none
romantiku	sg - m - none
tgħakrik	sg - m - none
twieqi	pl - none - none
tqanfida	sg - f - none
katina	sg - f - none
ġodda	pl - none - none
stenbih	none - none - none
ignixins	pl - none - none
ċileni	pl - none - none
ġappuniża	sg - f - none
kaħwiliet	pl - none - none
tifwir	sg - m - none
tferriħ	sg - m - none
teqjis	sg - m - none
taffejja	sg - f - none
bewliet	pl - none - none
ċentenarju	sg - m - none
ħnieżer	pl - none - none
tilqit	sg - m - none
tkexkixa	sg - f - none
qaddief	sg - m - none
seffifin	pl - none - none
margeriti	pl - none - none
vit	sg - m - none
korsijiet	pl - none - none
naħnuħi	sg - m - none
qatet	pl - none - none
taħdid	none - none - none
giddieba	sg - f - none
nikkieti	sg - m - none
garaxx	sg - m - none
passajra	pl - none - none
binja	sg - f - none
giddibija	sg - f - none
warradi	sg - m - none
ġarda	sg - f - none
tinwir	sg - m - none
ipotetiċi	pl - none - none
żagħgħarin	pl - none - none
antikwarji	pl - none - none
mnadar	pl - none - none
allokata	sg - f - none
żebbiġiet	pl - none - none
hemmimin	pl - none - none
qawwejja	pl - none - none
kremi	pl - none - none
komplikati	pl - none - none
serrieħ	sg - m - none
sekondi	pl - f - none
tifwiħ	sg - m - none
integrazzjoni	sg - f - none
milwa	sg - f - none
amministrattiva	sg - f - none
nkejja	sg - f - none
impjegat	sg - m - none
truppa	sg - f - none
ħtabit	sg - m - none
preparati	pl - none - none
fejjieq	sg - m - none
faħx	sg - m - none
ħabbarija	sg - f - none
direttorji	pl - none - none
kenni	sg - m - none
baħnana	sg - f - none
ponot	pl - none - none
għanijiet	pl - none - none
kewwies	sg - m - none
qatta	sg - f - none
żajbriet	pl - none - none
iġġovat	none - none - none
tiċwil	sg - m - none
mifruħa	sg - f - none
ġolf	sg - m - none
tulijiet	pl - none - none
partikulari	sg - m - none
semmigħin	pl - none - none
ambjent	sg - m - none
baħħara	sg - f - none
bexbiex	sg - m - none
kolp	sg - m - none
gerrieża	sg - f - none
formulata	sg - f - none
papoċċa	sg - f - none
dehbija	sg - f - none
żingara	sg - f - none
reġistri	pl - none - none
paċifiku	sg - m - none
legali	none - none - none
pedali	pl - none - none
taffali	sg - m - none
qard	none - m - none
pixkatur	sg - m - none
sejba	sg - f - none
dinosawri	pl - none - none
esaġerat	sg - m - none
satirika	sg - f - none
suppożizzjoni	sg - f - none
akkademiċi	pl - none - none
qlejba	sg - f - none
berbieqa	sg - f - none
fakkarin	pl - none - none
tħanxila	sg - f - none
taqsisa	sg - f - none
fosdqa	sg - f - none
xidjiet	pl - none - none
ħwejta	sg - f - none
teħlima	sg - f - none
heżżiżin	pl - none - none
immensa	sg - f - none
deċiżjonijiet	pl - f - none
romblu	sg - m - none
wereċ	pl - none - none
sejjiesa	sg - f - none
arloġġier	sg - m - none
qawwas	sg - m - none
ħaxxinin	pl - none - none
dehina	sg - f - none
taċċ	sg - m - none
futuristiku	sg - m - none
tbejjin	sg - m - none
negozjanti	pl - m - none
nassabija	sg - f - none
ħatba	sg - f - none
deffusa	sg - f - none
tinxijat	pl - none - none
ħeġġiġin	pl - none - none
naqnuqin	pl - none - none
mgħobbijin	pl - none - none
mħiebel	pl - none - none
makkjetta	sg - f - none
benefiċċju	sg - m - none
kartografi	pl - none - none
daħkan	sg - m - none
msiħ	sg - m - none
tgargir	sg - m - none
waħwiħija	sg - f - none
arkivju	sg - m - none
titħira	sg - f - none
passajra	sg - f - none
nemmies	sg - m - none
pudils	pl - none - none
kamerata	sg - f - none
epika	sg - f - none
axtrej	sg - f - none
titrit	sg - m - none
ċuplajs	sg - m - none
invilopps	pl - none - none
taħdira	sg - f - none
għalliema	sg - f - none
betbut	sg - m - none
żegżiga	sg - f - none
tagħġiż	none - none - none
xagħri	sg - m - none
tgerbibiet	pl - none - none
tiżjira	sg - f - none
berbuqiet	pl - none - none
ferħa	sg - f - none
rekord	sg - m - none
titħin	sg - m - none
kitba	coll - f - none
fesfiesi	sg - m - none
champions	pl - m - none
kornuti	pl - none - none
taħwid	coll - none - none
tixert	sg - m - none
nvjar	coll - m - none
titqiba	sg - f - none
bandieri	pl - none - none
tizjiz	sg - m - none
abbrevjazzjoni	sg - f - none
bejjien	sg - m - none
libreriji	pl - f - none
kilwiet	pl - none - none
wegħidin	pl - none - none
wessiqin	pl - none - none
boċċa	sg - f - none
teqrid	sg - m - none
maħnoqa	sg - f - none
poteri	pl - m - none
xkupi	pl - none - none
rispettivi	pl - none - none
riċerki	pl - f - none
mekkiħin	pl - none - none
serriġija	sg - f - none
tkexkixa	sg - f - none
tqammisa	sg - f - none
tradimenti	pl - none - none
birer	pl - none - none
profeta	sg - m - none
masħara	pl - none - none
iżżejjed	sg - m - none
ekwipaġġ	sg - m - none
protettivi	pl - none - none
tal-għaġeb	pl - none - none
raħlin	pl - none - none
okulisti	pl - none - none
tqarwiż	coll - m - none
kliniku	sg - m - none
rażan	sg - m - none
teħbila	sg - f - none
tapezzara	sg - f - none
nemmiesa	pl - none - none
żaqqat	pl - none - none
qassabi	sg - m - none
qirda	sg - f - none
memorji	pl - f - none
tebbieqa	sg - f - none
tiflik	sg - m - none
mġarr	sg - m - none
nisja	sg - f - none
gażażi	pl - none - none
inizjattivi	pl - f - none
siefel	sg - m - none
ħatjin	pl - none - none
trasformat	sg - m - none
tilħina	sg - f - none
taħdim	sg - m - none
mdiegħxa	sg - f - none
djakni	pl - none - none
leflifa	sg - f - none
ħawwarin	pl - none - none
barbara	sg - f - none
fejqana	sg - f - none
mwiel	pl - none - none
ċappasi	sg - m - none
qolli	sg - m - none
qxajrin	pl - none - none
ġidri	sg - m - none
tinqiba	sg - f - none
mixtliet	pl - none - none
ċfielaq	pl - none - none
marġerin	sg - m - none
senniġin	pl - none - none
tfawwira	sg - f - none
sallur	coll - none - none
tħażdiqa	sg - f - none
niedi	sg - m - none
fiġliet	pl - none - none
bażbażi	sg - m - none
tgħaġġib	none - none - none
ħolm	sg - m - none
tradott	sg - m - none
ħarħari	sg - m - none
baska	sg - f - none
musmarija	sg - f - none
qaħħabin	pl - none - none
tletijiet	pl - none - none
sarraġ	sg - m - none
inklinata	sg - f - none
ponta	sg - f - none
ħemħumija	sg - f - none
andropawża	sg - f - none
kexxun	sg - m - none
semmigħija	pl - none - none
tiskim	sg - m - none
tapit	sg - m - none
qatigħ	sg - m - none
grata	sg - f - none
żembieħa	pl - none - none
bask	sg - m - none
brunġiela	sg - f - none
tbalbila	sg - f - none
tbaqqina	sg - f - none
qotnija	pl - none - none
kannizzati	pl - none - none
tieġ	sg - m - none
fuklar	sg - m - none
ħliq	sg - m - none
perċa	sg - f - none
rieħa	sg - f - none
gotiċi	pl - none - none
minjiera	sg - f - none
gerriefi	sg - m - none
tibkiet	pl - none - none
utilitajiet	pl - none - none
labbar	sg - m - none
titmir	sg - m - none
nawwara	pl - none - none
nxifiet	pl - none - none
xandar	sg - m - none
assoċjazzjoni	sg - f - none
alkoħolika	sg - f - none
rqaq	pl - none - none
simplistiċi	pl - none - none
widdieba	pl - none - none
teffigħin	pl - none - none
theddima	sg - f - none
reviżjonijiet	pl - none - none
lag	sg - m - none
qalbieni	sg - m - none
faqqusiet	pl - none - none
simbolika	sg - f - none
introdott	sg - m - none
mxawwta	sg - f - none
selliefa	pl - none - none
ġebel	coll - m - none
kessejja	sg - f - none
għorka	sg - f - none
felful	sg - m - none
xema'	coll - none - none
bagħtiet	pl - none - none
lablaba	pl - none - none
dewwibin	pl - none - none
analġesiċi	pl - none - none
ħaxwixija	sg - f - none
akkademika	sg - f - none
kiesaħ	sg - m - none
artikli	pl - m - none
barrad	sg - m - none
marġerini	pl - none - none
mderwxin	pl - none - none
niġmiet	pl - none - none
fula	sg - f - none
bkurin	pl - none - none
kfir	sg - m - none
Ewropew	sg - m - none
ġemmigħin	pl - none - none
żluqija	pl - none - none
żlieq	sg - m - none
taqriqiet	pl - none - none
għafis	sg - m - none
mini	pl - none - none
qattigħija	sg - f - none
prun	coll - none - none
tinwib	sg - m - none
tħaddir	sg - m - none
sejqer	sg - m - none
tifdil	sg - m - none
ġagħila	sg - f - none
tfażżir	sg - m - none
taptipa	sg - f - none
nemmiela	pl - none - none
krib	sg - m - none
qżież	pl - none - none
ġuridiku	sg - m - none
ċekkinin	pl - none - none
kewn	sg - m - none
mnasab	pl - none - none
marid	sg - m - none
oqsma	pl - none - none
osservata	sg - f - none
ħallas	sg - m - none
nawfraġji	pl - none - none
għaqba	sg - f - none
sistema	sg - f - none
dewwidin	pl - none - none
manjetiċi	pl - none - none
dikka	sg - f - none
driewex	pl - none - none
ħanex	sg - m - none
ritratt	sg - m - none
tbeżżiqa	sg - f - none
żerniq	coll - m - none
esperjenza	sg - f - none
diri	sg - m - none
maħmuġin	pl - none - none
għomja	pl - none - none
msemmija	pl - none - none
naqqasa	pl - none - none
pangolini	pl - m - none
ġgajtiet	pl - none - none
msakkra	sg - f - none
grokk	sg - m - none
apparenzi	pl - f - none
ħammieġ	sg - m - none
rixtelliera	sg - f - none
tbażwir	sg - m - none
ħatfa	sg - f - none
telligħija	pl - none - none
ħassiebi	sg - m - none
berbiqija	sg - f - none
tkejjiba	sg - f - none
ndħil	sg - m - none
nġir	sg - m - none
ġurat	sg - m - none
żaddamija	pl - none - none
friġġis	pl - none - none
nutar	sg - m - none
libsa	sg - f - none
widien	pl - m - none
tarraġa	pl - none - none
etika	sg - f - none
berfiela	sg - f - none
rtirat	sg - m - none
griedel	pl - none - none
goff	sg - m - none
taħtiħa	sg - f - none
teżijiet	pl - none - none
hġiena	sg - f - none
skojjatlu	sg - m - none
ħaġa	sg - f - none
mument	sg - m - none
tbaħħir	sg - m - none
tifkira	sg - f - none
akkumpanjati	pl - none - none
bewwiġija	sg - f - none
miġbed	sg - m - none
dxixa	sg - f - none
ħajnin	pl - none - none
dijalettika	sg - f - none
farkiet	pl - none - none
kalma	sg - f - none
suddita	sg - f - none
niżla	sg - f - none
porċellani	pl - none - none
kavalliet	pl - none - none
sirjan	sg - m - none
konkret	sg - m - none
taksi	sg - f - none
kultura	sg - f - none
dewq	sg - m - none
quċċat	sg - m - none
kunfidenzali	none - none - none
ċimiterji	pl - none - none
simniet	pl - none - none
ġkieket	pl - none - none
meċmieċi	sg - m - none
Torok	pl - m - none
tkeċċijiet	pl - none - none
baxxuta	sg - f - none
ġaħġiħa	sg - f - none
daqdiq	sg - m - none
ħaxxiema	sg - f - none
trojjan	sg - m - none
osservaturi	pl - m - none
taqħib	sg - m - none
infettati	pl - none - none
verifikat	sg - m - none
trasmissjoni	sg - m - none
tbigħida	sg - f - none
jardi	pl - none - none
tekil	none - none - none
kalċi	sg - m - none
taħriet	pl - none - none
sawwam	sg - m - none
drastika	sg - f - none
palazzi	pl - m - none
wassala	pl - none - none
rejnkowt	sg - f - none
kampanjola	sg - f - none
rewmatiżmu	sg - m - none
stħajjila	sg - f - none
kirjiet	pl - f - none
bravu	sg - m - none
liturġiji	pl - none - none
sempliċi	none - none - none
demmi	sg - m - none
ferċieħa	sg - f - none
bwiedi	pl - none - none
xott	sg - m - none
ħaxxiex	sg - m - none
kaħlija	sg - f - none
żerriek	sg - m - none
ħaddarin	pl - none - none
tnixxija	none - none - none
influwenzata	sg - f - none
qonqla	none - none - none
tidwila	sg - f - none
sannara	pl - none - none
timwit	sg - m - none
fallazin	pl - none - none
lokijiet	pl - none - none
kantalieni	pl - none - none
parrokkjali	none - none - none
Żejtuni	sg - m - none
mgħid	sg - m - none
flejguti	pl - none - none
klassifika	sg - f - none
mqarbin	pl - none - none
sagħtra	sg - f - none
sawm	sg - m - none
ħażżiema	sg - f - none
ħaxxejjin	pl - none - none
waħdien	sg - m - none
sikkieta	pl - none - none
morfoloġiji	pl - f - none
ħmieġ	sg - m - none
vulgari	sg - m - none
meddi	pl - none - none
ġewwiżin	pl - none - none
farrakin	pl - none - none
mejta	sg - f - none
tinsib	sg - m - none
tartana	sg - f - none
neffieħa	sg - f - none
papiet	pl - none - none
tixfif	sg - m - none
midwal	sg - m - none
tixfir	sg - m - none
kripti	pl - none - none
editorjali	none - none - none
ħattarin	pl - none - none
eżempju	sg - m - none
tgerrixa	sg - f - none
dumnikana	sg - f - none
tħaffir	none - none - none
widnija	sg - f - none
radam	coll - m - none
ħuġġiġija	sg - f - none
letlieta	sg - f - none
tismir	sg - m - none
eżaminati	pl - none - none
nava	sg - f - none
skorfina	sg - f - none
mżerżqa	sg - f - none
rqiq	sg - m - none
saħħa	sg - f - none
ors	sg - m - none
nigżiet	pl - none - none
konnotazzjoni	sg - f - none
optixin	sg - f - none
ħelwa	sg - f - none
żaqżieqa	sg - f - none
popolazzjoni	sg - f - none
niket	pl - none - none
mentalitajiet	pl - f - none
ħidma	sg - f - none
baxxara	sg - f - none
qmajsa	sg - f - none
taħqira	sg - f - none
riżultat	sg - m - none
litri	pl - none - none
evanġelika	sg - f - none
gwaj	sg - m - none
demografika	sg - f - none
ġiraffa	sg - f - none
presidenzi	pl - f - none
wiri	none - none - none
tattiku	sg - m - none
trufijiet	pl - none - none
galletti	pl - none - none
dehix	sg - m - none
atletiċi	pl - none - none
tagħbid	sg - m - none
skulari	pl - none - none
qażżieża	pl - none - none
karrotta	sg - f - none
mogħti	sg - m - none
tinfida	none - none - none
qaxliefi	sg - m - none
semifinalisti	pl - m - none
ħbubija	sg - f - none
smin	sg - m - none
għabex	sg - m - none
nxief	none - m - none
allegoriċi	pl - none - none
objettiv	sg - m - none
paħaħħa	sg - f - none
komposta	sg - f - none
ftieli	pl - none - none
tanbira	sg - f - none
simetriji	pl - none - none
tingiżiet	pl - none - none
ngħajġa	sg - f - none
sottoklassijiet	pl - f - none
villaġġi	pl - m - none
kap	sg - m - none
mitraq	sg - m - none
mutjanin	pl - none - none
wekkejja	pl - none - none
dverni	pl - none - none
żanżanija	sg - f - none
żbirri	pl - none - none
waqwieqa	pl - none - none
psikoloġija	sg - f - none
kasbari	sg - m - none
msajad	pl - none - none
inċova	sg - f - none
ikkupjat	sg - m - none
tiftiħ	sg - m - none
taħrim	sg - m - none
ċomb	sg - m - none
naħnuħija	sg - f - none
ħannuxi	sg - m - none
torċa	sg - f - none
ġenn	sg - m - none
suċċessjoni	sg - f - none
abbazija	sg - f - none
ħażqa	sg - f - none
żelliġin	pl - none - none
tossika	sg - f - none
sardinell	coll - none - none
tnaqqixa	sg - f - none
pittoreska	sg - f - none
ġiddimin	pl - none - none
ħarrifija	sg - f - none
elaborati	pl - none - none
kabozza	sg - f - none
invenzjoni	sg - f - none
kwejkbiet	pl - none - none
pawċis	pl - none - none
melodija	sg - f - none
liġġiem	sg - m - none
astuż	sg - m - none
ċibernetiċi	pl - none - none
tifkiriet	pl - none - none
seffied	sg - m - none
kuġini	pl - none - none
gvern	sg - m - none
artikolazzjoni	sg - f - none
żlielem	pl - none - none
tlabbir	none - none - none
tfesfisa	sg - f - none
alfabetiċi	pl - none - none
vjenniżi	pl - none - none
kerrej	sg - m - none
konċernata	sg - f - none
derivat	sg - m - none
ħlejja	sg - f - diminutive
ġerriegħi	sg - m - none
impjanti	pl - none - none
żgajjar	sg - m - none
pretensjonijiet	pl - f - none
tfaħħima	sg - f - none
werċiżmu	sg - m - none
battitu	sg - m - none
qarquċa	sg - f - none
normali	none - none - none
tanbir	coll - m - none
konvinta	sg - f - none
liġġiemi	sg - m - none
madbaħ	sg - m - none
sapun	coll - m - none
ġamar	sg - m - none
xemxin	pl - none - none
ħawwarija	sg - f - none
umana	sg - f - none
pexpuxa	sg - f - none
tawwar	sg - m - none
tibżila	sg - f - none
użati	pl - none - none
studenti	pl - m - none
żeffieti	sg - m - none
xajtin	sg - m - none
ħajjiet	pl - none - none
qħib	sg - m - none
ras	sg - f - none
skart	sg - m - none
proprjetarja	sg - f - none
tafja	sg - f - none
qaxxarin	pl - none - none
bbilanċjata	sg - f - none
nessejja	sg - f - none
tqammis	sg - m - none
tallaba	sg - f - none
alabastri	pl - none - none
tigdimiet	pl - none - none
skorfini	pl - none - none
passata	sg - f - none
saħħitna	sg - f - none
klikek	pl - none - none
esebituri	pl - m - none
diversità	sg - f - none
ġennieb	sg - m - none
qsimiet	pl - none - none
sħajjaħ	sg - m - none
baqqun	sg - m - none
srejser	sg - m - none
fsejqija	sg - f - diminutive
diqa	sg - f - none
tallabi	sg - m - none
tifliqa	sg - f - none
bewwiela	sg - f - none
benedittini	pl - none - none
nases	pl - none - none
żarradija	sg - f - none
nikkirin	pl - none - none
tifjit	sg - m - none
qaċċatin	pl - none - none
xenxiela	sg - f - none
medjatur	sg - m - none
żgħajra	sg - f - none
trasferiment	sg - m - none
minfes	sg - m - none
malja	sg - f - none
filtru	sg - m - none
tilqigħ	sg - m - none
qabbada	sg - f - none
ħarqa	sg - f - none
ġarrafa	sg - f - none
twerżiqiet	pl - none - none
gedwid	sg - m - none
tqarriba	sg - f - none
xeni	pl - f - none
mixruba	sg - f - none
ħarqiet	pl - none - none
snajper	sg - m - none
ċekks	pl - none - none
suċċessiva	sg - f - none
bżieżaq	pl - none - none
tiżbila	sg - f - none
daqqas	sg - m - none
mudelli	pl - m - none
tmaqdir	coll - m - none
kummidjant	sg - m - none
ħrux	sg - m - none
għatu	sg - m - none
maltempata	sg - f - none
unifikat	sg - m - none
trigonometrika	sg - f - none
assedjati	pl - none - none
titjir	sg - m - none
żegliegi	sg - m - none
tfarwid	sg - m - none
ħarba	sg - f - none
madum	coll - none - none
tifjiqa	sg - f - none
qanfidin	pl - none - none
rassa	sg - f - none
mirduma	pl - none - none
seksikija	pl - none - none
dehra	sg - f - none
imponenti	pl - none - none
tħassir	sg - m - none
modifikat	sg - m - none
ħakkiem	sg - m - none
intuwizzjoni	sg - f - none
kissibija	sg - f - none
ateu	sg - m - none
arkati	pl - none - none
hemmimija	sg - f - none
ispazji	pl - m - none
xenxila	sg - f - none
fettieqi	sg - m - none
tehmim	sg - m - none
waħħamin	pl - none - none
żegħiela	sg - f - none
ċajta	sg - f - none
denfil	sg - m - none
karnival	sg - m - none
fettulin	pl - none - none
għoxux	pl - none - none
għamajjar	pl - none - none
skeda	sg - f - none
ġontiet	pl - none - none
sebqa	sg - f - none
qattan	sg - m - none
tikmida	sg - f - none
tmaħħiħa	sg - f - none
jlellex	sg - m - none
wiesgħa	sg - none - none
iddisinjati	pl - none - none
delitt	sg - m - none
kapaċi	none - none - none
emminija	sg - f - none
għazza	sg - f - none
tifkira	sg - f - none
sekkiena	sg - f - none
mniefes	pl - none - none
tmeskina	sg - f - none
sfajrin	pl - none - none
gargur	sg - m - none
merkanziji	pl - none - none
plajjiet	pl - none - none
Grieg	sg - m - none
ħbabat	pl - none - none
żarżar	sg - m - none
titwim	sg - m - none
balkanika	sg - f - none
buffuri	pl - none - none
kumment	sg - m - none
taptip	sg - m - none
ħabta	sg - f - none
sorveljanza	sg - f - none
qżejqża	sg - f - none
tgiddima	sg - f - none
tub	coll - m - none
regolatur	sg - m - none
aguniji	pl - none - none
ditta	sg - f - none
fewwieħi	sg - m - none
tidħil	sg - m - none
marbut	sg - m - none
sarbatija	sg - f - none
nagħġa	sg - f - none
fassalija	sg - f - none
sarramin	pl - none - none
ħażżiqija	sg - f - none
tilwiqa	sg - f - none
daqquqiet	pl - none - none
wegħid	sg - m - none
ċapċip	coll - m - none
żrugħi	sg - m - none
ċanfiriet	pl - none - none
tgħarbil	sg - m - none
tmaqmiqa	sg - f - none
kategorija	sg - f - none
tibrik	sg - m - none
manka	sg - f - none
mħarab	pl - none - none
imejl	sg - m - none
kornut	sg - m - none
qerq	sg - m - none
ftakira	sg - f - none
lezzjoni	sg - f - none
immarkata	sg - f - none
daqqasi	sg - m - none
żliġ	sg - m - none
pinzell	sg - m - none
tfaddiliet	pl - none - none
tmerrik	coll - m - none
verżjoni	sg - f - none
sangat	sg - m - none
ħlewwiet	pl - none - none
popolaritajiet	pl - f - none
saħħaba	sg - f - none
invarjabilità	sg - f - none
tisjila	sg - f - none
kaffara	sg - f - none
tiċwila	sg - f - none
utiqa	sg - f - none
qarradi	sg - m - none
tixjira	sg - f - none
kontinent	sg - m - none
belqija	sg - f - none
gajdri	pl - none - none
samra	sg - f - none
filantropika	sg - f - none
ċereali	coll - none - none
bagħta	sg - f - none
lessiku	sg - m - none
tfittixa	sg - f - none
nwejxfa	pl - none - none
ċineg	pl - none - none
newwieħa	sg - f - none
barri	sg - m - none
tikfif	sg - m - none
niffidiet	pl - none - none
ġennibin	pl - none - none
kunjom	sg - m - none
fejjitin	pl - none - none
kisi	sg - m - none
mentqa	sg - f - none
taħliba	sg - f - none
sagħtejn	dl - f - none
berrieq	sg - m - none
għażiża	sg - f - none
stretti	pl - none - none
dulluvji	pl - none - none
luminati	pl - none - none
faħal	sg - m - none
wtiet	pl - none - none
miżuri	pl - f - none
ftaħira	sg - f - none
ħarħara	sg - f - none
wardijat	pl - none - none
ftila	sg - f - none
sarvetta	sg - f - none
sakranazza	sg - f - none
skrupli	pl - none - none
baqbiq	sg - m - none
raxkettiet	pl - none - none
kor	sg - m - none
dajjarin	pl - none - none
tidlil	sg - m - none
maktur	sg - m - none
deċiżjoni	sg - f - none
preżenzi	pl - f - none
ċamċim	coll - m - none
ċerna	sg - f - none
paċoċċa	sg - f - none
talbiet	pl - none - none
neputija	sg - f - none
qaxqaxa	pl - none - none
palazz	sg - m - none
waqqigħin	pl - none - none
kewtilin	pl - none - none
atej	pl - none - none
maħġar	sg - m - none
taftira	sg - f - none
qfejfa	sg - f - none
kalkulatriċi	sg - f - none
problematiċi	pl - none - none
kolonji	pl - f - none
sillabi	pl - none - none
grad	sg - m - none
mħabbta	sg - f - none
għoljin	pl - none - none
tikfira	sg - f - none
mneżża'	sg - m - none
strofa	sg - f - none
ospitazzjoni	sg - f - none
msemmi	sg - m - none
weżwież	sg - m - none
ġurija	sg - f - none
kroniċi	pl - none - none
newwimija	pl - none - none
libbiesa	sg - f - none
warradija	pl - none - none
warraba	pl - none - none
vleġeġ	pl - none - none
kulturali	none - none - none
kukkanja	sg - f - none
teffiegħa	sg - f - none
dendila	sg - f - none
salmi	pl - m - none
dissidenti	pl - m - none
xaħxiħin	pl - none - none
smit	sg - m - none
jippretendiha	sg - m - none
tifwiġ	sg - m - none
megħriet	pl - none - none
mdiegħex	sg - m - none
tiswir	sg - m - none
bkir	sg - m - none
artijiet	pl - f - none
negħgħejin	pl - none - none
titrida	sg - f - none
jugoslav	sg - m - none
briemeċ	pl - none - none
ftehim	sg - m - none
naħal	coll - m - none
geġwieġa	sg - f - none
tmekmik	coll - m - none
għasel	sg - m - none
karraba	sg - f - none
makakki	pl - none - none
ġojjell	sg - m - none
wiżgħat	pl - none - none
tmaħħit	sg - m - none
ibżel	pl - none - comparative
neżżiegħa	sg - f - none
korriment	sg - m - none
fetqa	sg - f - none
xjenzati	pl - m - none
żejtija	pl - none - none
tiekla	none - f - none
sriħan	sg - m - none
arkeoloġiku	sg - m - none
teżori	pl - none - none
sardiniet	pl - none - none
vażuni	pl - none - none
tbaħbiħa	sg - f - none
togħlija	none - none - none
kompożizzjoni	sg - f - none
ferriexa	sg - f - none
ċarru	sg - m - none
olimpika	sg - f - none
taħtninija	pl - none - none
tfettiħa	sg - f - none
perriċin	pl - none - none
toskana	sg - f - none
tbagħtira	sg - f - none
żabbari	sg - m - none
anġlu	sg - m - none
vjolenza	sg - f - none
żahar	sg - m - none
xalla	sg - f - none
mehli	sg - m - none
twettija	sg - f - none
riskju	sg - m - none
teftifa	sg - f - none
qawwilija	sg - f - none
risivers	pl - none - none
dehri	sg - m - none
liebri	pl - m - none
ġganta	sg - f - none
karburaturi	pl - none - none
srieraq	pl - none - none
telliegħi	sg - m - none
mgħallqin	pl - none - none
skemi	pl - none - none
lħiħa	pl - none - none
qaddiema	sg - f - none
unjoni	sg - f - none
ħxejna	sg - f - none
galliż	sg - m - none
tnewwila	sg - f - none
tinkir	sg - m - none
fesfisin	pl - none - none
tqejjim	sg - m - none
dimensjoni	sg - f - none
wegħrija	pl - none - none
atturi	pl - m - none
tewbiet	pl - none - none
xaqlibija	sg - f - none
flixkun	sg - m - none
ħaxħixija	sg - f - none
deffusiet	pl - none - none
ħemsija	sg - f - none
iffortifikati	pl - none - none
tisriħ	sg - m - none
tħamħima	sg - f - none
utieq	sg - m - none
taħdir	sg - m - none
sfurzati	pl - none - none
sefsifa	sg - f - none
għamża	sg - f - none
bonnijiet	pl - none - none
sinċiera	pl - none - none
lehġiet	pl - none - none
tirjiħ	sg - m - none
tnidija	sg - f - none
djalogi	pl - m - none
tmessis	sg - m - none
ristorant	sg - m - none
erwieħ	pl - none - none
koreana	sg - f - none
sajjarija	sg - f - none
negattiva	sg - f - none
palm	coll - m - none
koljatura	sg - f - none
mitruxin	pl - none - none
tfittix	sg - m - none
twissijiet	pl - none - none
lewwieħi	sg - m - none
tnassisa	sg - f - none
ritmiku	sg - m - none
qassama	sg - f - none
tixxjus	pl - none - none
ngħajsiet	pl - none - none
kondoms	pl - m - none
wiġġibin	pl - none - none
berbeqin	pl - none - none
barrakuda	sg - f - none
inkomplut	sg - m - none
tkoprija	sg - f - none
tondi	pl - none - none
kompetitur	sg - m - none
nabbarin	pl - none - none
madumiet	pl - none - none
tfattir	sg - m - none
ġontaturi	pl - none - none
maħrab	sg - m - none
disk	sg - f - none
ħuxlifiet	pl - none - none
abbrevjazzjonijiet	pl - none - none
msakkrin	pl - none - none
lexxuniet	pl - none - none
mliewi	pl - none - none
waħħada	sg - f - none
introduzzjonijiet	pl - f - none
karatterizzat	sg - m - none
żanżana	sg - f - none
darban	sg - m - none
teżoreriji	pl - none - none
pustaġġ	sg - m - none
nemniemi	sg - m - none
pixxini	pl - none - none
għażiq	sg - m - none
msemmija	sg - f - none
tbarrira	sg - f - none
paġni	pl - f - none
semaforu	sg - m - none
tqattira	sg - f - none
tgħarbin	none - none - none
palmipedi	pl - none - none
għanijiet	pl - m - none
tqollijiet	pl - none - none
tajjeb	sg - m - none
infidil	sg - m - none
rasta	sg - f - none
ġjufija	sg - f - none
ferfira	sg - f - none
maħħuħin	pl - none - none
qabbadin	pl - none - none
qarriegħa	sg - f - none
żebbieda	pl - none - none
assoċjati	pl - none - none
leġislazzjoni	sg - f - none
versatil	none - none - none
rpar	sg - m - none
serrieġ	sg - m - none
użufruttwarja	sg - f - none
raġuni	sg - f - none
konsumatur	sg - m - none
żergħin	pl - none - none
digriet	sg - m - none
lehmiet	pl - none - none
mellusa	sg - f - none
ħaxxien	sg - m - none
tlestija	sg - f - none
filosofija	sg - f - none
ħatab	sg - m - none
sensliet	pl - none - none
militari	none - none - none
rdum	sg - m - none
tiġbir	sg - m - none
farmaċewtiċi	pl - none - none
esegwiti	pl - none - none
żarġin	coll - m - none
bluhata	sg - f - none
epidemija	sg - f - none
kavita	sg - f - none
filmat	sg - m - none
ġarrafin	pl - none - none
nervuż	sg - m - none
anestetika	sg - f - none
nuċċalijiet	pl - none - none
trajfil	sg - m - none
stejġ	sg - f - none
kamoxxi	pl - none - none
lewwieqa	sg - f - none
taqbiliet	pl - none - none
uragan	sg - m - none
appoġġi	pl - none - none
naxxar	sg - m - none
taħnin	sg - m - none
addattati	pl - none - none
kuraġġuż	sg - m - none
bhejjem	pl - none - none
busajjied	sg - m - none
kartiera	sg - f - none
biġla	sg - f - none
bużbież	coll - none - none
tibtina	sg - f - none
turxana	pl - none - none
sloven	sg - m - none
ġagħdi	sg - m - none
busufiet	pl - none - none
mqabar	pl - none - none
mniekeb	pl - none - none
sefsifin	pl - none - none
teħbil	sg - m - none
stikek	pl - none - none
ħnejji	pl - none - none
faqqiegħ	sg - m - none
tidnis	sg - m - none
twassit	sg - m - none
suġġettiv	sg - m - none
tiġrif	sg - m - none
tbennin	sg - m - none
kimiku	sg - m - none
torċi	pl - none - none
twaddiba	sg - f - none
butiet	pl - none - none
simpatika	sg - f - none
tinqis	sg - m - none
magiku	sg - m - none
taqjira	sg - f - none
tifsira	sg - f - none
samranija	pl - none - none
qattanija	none - f - none
tarraxi	sg - m - none
pressjoni	sg - f - none
mixli	sg - m - none
qtieli	pl - none - none
denduliet	pl - none - none
kollezzjoni	sg - f - none
bastimenti	pl - m - none
mneħrin	pl - none - none
masħara	sg - f - none
tpaxxija	none - f - none
lewwejja	pl - none - none
bergamiżi	pl - none - none
tektika	sg - f - none
bojkotts	pl - m - none
niżżilin	pl - none - none
tiżnija	sg - f - none
rvelli	pl - none - none
tħannixa	sg - f - none
terrieqa	sg - f - none
ferried	sg - m - none
abbiltà	sg - f - none
xbieki	pl - none - none
sarriera	sg - f - none
possibilitajiet	pl - f - none
fallimentari	pl - none - none
mellieħ	sg - m - none
ltim	sg - m - none
ġibsa	sg - f - none
seffieda	sg - f - none
fexxa	sg - f - none
impressjoni	sg - f - none
spinaċi	sg - f - none
faddali	sg - m - none
ġejbien	sg - m - none
ġemmigħija	sg - f - none
ħoxni	sg - m - none
tbiddid	sg - m - none
qażwitiet	pl - none - none
lehma	sg - f - none
lukketti	pl - none - none
servizzjali	pl - none - none
mnugħa	sg - f - none
atomi	pl - none - none
ħdajjar	sg - m - none
bardan	sg - m - none
domiċilju	sg - m - none
fwieħa	sg - f - none
gliep	pl - none - none
tartil	none - none - none
berrien	sg - m - none
vavi	pl - none - none
żviluppata	sg - f - none
mqajem	pl - none - none
dinjiet	pl - f - none
battumi	sg - m - none
elmijiet	pl - none - none
xhud	sg - m - none
oxxen	sg - m - none
taqqaba	sg - f - none
ħarman	sg - m - none
serb	sg - m - none
xerqa	sg - f - none
tiġbis	sg - m - none
lanterni	pl - none - none
seffiqija	pl - none - none
artiklu	sg - m - none
ljun	sg - m - none
ħanniqin	pl - none - none
tbexxiqa	sg - f - none
distrutt	sg - m - none
dijalettiċi	pl - none - none
taħħanin	pl - none - none
tmexxija	sg - f - none
elettromanjetiċi	pl - none - none
ċerkis	coll - m - none
abjad	sg - m - none
ċieki	pl - none - none
verdun	sg - m - none
għamda	sg - f - none
proprja	sg - f - none
faddalin	pl - none - none
tikwis	sg - m - none
ministeri	pl - m - none
mafwar	sg - m - none
diska	sg - f - none
evidenti	sg - f - none
ħejjieb	sg - m - none
sellieki	sg - m - none
sapnaturi	pl - none - none
pumi	pl - none - none
żennejja	pl - none - none
tagħlima	sg - f - none
marżebba	sg - f - none
taptip	coll - m - none
vina	sg - f - none
seffieqi	sg - m - none
tadam	sg - m - none
ħamjin	pl - none - none
iddedikata	sg - f - none
tħaxxix	sg - m - none
waddabiet	pl - none - none
taħlila	sg - f - none
klipp	sg - f - none
paħpaħija	sg - f - none
ċivili	none - none - none
maħfra	sg - f - none
tiġdir	sg - m - none
xermieda	sg - f - none
ħarrax	sg - m - none
passiv	sg - m - none
żattatija	pl - none - none
fotografija	sg - f - none
mermira	sg - f - none
telqa	none - f - none
ħajm	sg - m - none
abilitajiet	pl - f - none
kundizzjonijiet	pl - f - none
aċċess	sg - m - none
komunità	sg - f - none
żeġġieġ	sg - m - none
testijiet	pl - m - none
enċiklopedija	sg - f - none
difniet	pl - none - none
ħoroż	pl - none - none
meħdula	sg - f - none
skopijiet	pl - none - none
taħtira	sg - f - none
naqa	sg - m - none
fisqa	sg - f - none
miżżewġa	sg - f - none
kerrejja	sg - f - none
ħabbiela	sg - f - none
dejma	sg - f - none
ħali	sg - m - none
twedwid	coll - m - none
involviment	sg - m - none
parrokka	sg - f - none
żanżina	sg - f - none
ħarba	sg - f - none
nassaba	pl - none - none
teffejja	sg - f - none
twikkijiet	pl - none - none
tampuni	pl - none - none
nfafet	pl - none - none
objettiva	sg - f - none
tmekkik	sg - m - none
tibriħ	sg - m - none
tifsida	sg - f - none
ħaddiema	sg - f - none
għemżiet	pl - none - none
voluntier	sg - m - none
nefħa	sg - f - none
tiktin	sg - m - none
spija	sg - f - none
nisa	pl - f - none
delliela	sg - f - none
bengaliża	sg - f - none
intrapriża	sg - f - none
minċott	sg - m - none
mdejqin	pl - none - none
baħbuħija	sg - f - none
tbewwis	sg - m - none
targitijiet	pl - none - none
ernji	pl - none - none
għajat	sg - m - none
ferkixija	sg - f - none
tinkira	sg - f - none
mejjiela	sg - f - none
waħwieħ	sg - m - none
paċoċċi	pl - none - none
qabd	sg - m - none
ċanga	sg - f - none
żogħor	none - m - none
senati	pl - none - none
ħabbilin	pl - none - none
moqżież	sg - m - none
hmiż	sg - m - none
żegħidija	sg - f - none
tagħjib	none - none - none
soqfa	pl - none - none
kalmi	pl - none - none
fildiferruwiet	pl - none - none
pjanċi	pl - none - none
tħannina	sg - f - none
mdiewal	pl - none - none
proġetti-pilota	pl - none - none
ħaxixa	coll - f - none
kroati	pl - none - none
twegħir	sg - m - none
sikkieti	sg - m - none
qassata	sg - f - none
kejjitin	pl - none - none
tidnib	sg - m - none
żwieġ	sg - m - none
niżżiela	sg - f - none
arrest	sg - m - none
tpaspira	sg - f - none
ċegħik	sg - m - none
qbida	sg - f - none
weswisin	pl - none - none
selqiet	pl - none - none
miġemgħa	sg - f - diminutive
ħarħir	sg - m - none
lgħin	sg - m - none
reċiproku	sg - m - none
semmiena	sg - f - none
laqlieqa	sg - f - none
ħwietem	pl - none - none
ħarja	sg - f - none
tkexkix	sg - m - none
mtiebagħ	pl - none - none
tqarnis	coll - m - none
tippretendiha	sg - f - none
ton	sg - m - none
tqarqiċ	coll - m - none
żigżag	sg - m - none
dokkijiet	pl - none - none
għonja	pl - none - none
mormija	sg - f - none
taqrigħ	sg - m - none
parlatorji	pl - none - none
permess	sg - m - none
qaddimin	pl - none - none
insult	sg - m - none
pposeduti	pl - none - none
taqrina	sg - f - none
taħġiġ	sg - m - none
komplementarja	pl - none - none
temperament	sg - m - none
ħammieġa	sg - f - none
waqwieqi	sg - m - none
sidrija	pl - none - none
darrab	sg - m - none
kisja	sg - f - none
lista	sg - f - none
tirabuxujiet	pl - none - none
kittieb	sg - m - none
xenxiliet	pl - none - none
nxir	sg - m - none
kulleġġ	sg - m - none
orgażmi	pl - none - none
żqajquqa	sg - f - none
fellikin	pl - none - none
nagħaġ	coll - none - none
granċi	pl - none - none
ħammiela	sg - f - none
farradin	pl - none - none
barraxin	pl - none - none
dudiet	pl - none - none
newwiħiet	pl - none - none
terqiet	pl - none - none
orsa	sg - f - none
trinka	sg - f - none
arja	sg - f - none
doċċa	sg - f - none
pronunzja	sg - f - none
attivata	sg - f - none
żvantaġġi	pl - none - none
atlantiku	sg - m - none
qallata	pl - none - none
ċallasin	pl - none - none
pitazzi	pl - none - none
bużbieża	sg - f - none
tarraż	sg - m - none
newtrali	none - none - none
modifikati	pl - none - none
folol	pl - none - none
bir	sg - m - none
ċelel	pl - none - none
preġudizzju	sg - m - none
serried	sg - m - none
jirreferew	none - none - none
qlugħ	pl - none - none
werqtejn	dl - none - none
bawwarin	pl - none - none
tkawlita	sg - f - none
namura	sg - f - none
kubani	pl - none - none
tingħiġ	sg - m - none
taħrif	sg - m - none
impassabbli	none - none - none
stanga	sg - f - none
għenieqed	pl - none - none
mosħaħ	sg - m - none
kapitalizzati	pl - none - none
fakkara	sg - f - none
żelliem	sg - m - none
taqbid	sg - m - none
armena	sg - f - none
qarrasi	sg - m - none
fiżiku	sg - m - none
pudina	sg - f - none
dewwiemi	sg - m - none
verniċ	sg - f - none
elettroniċi	pl - none - none
għasir	sg - m - none
sabbarin	pl - none - none
isqof	sg - m - none
bużnanna	sg - f - none
lasktuwa	sg - f - none
palmiet	pl - none - none
żifniet	pl - none - none
tlaqqix	sg - m - none
soqfien	pl - none - none
għarrieda	none - none - none
ħattarin	pl - none - none
sugu	sg - m - none
diċembru	sg - m - none
purċissjonijiet	pl - f - none
daqdiqa	sg - f - none
ortodossa	sg - f - none
komda	sg - f - none
immedjat	sg - m - none
rmied	pl - none - none
żveljarini	pl - none - none
nqigħ	sg - m - none
qrieweż	pl - none - none
mġiegħed	sg - m - none
tħemmid	sg - m - none
qsari	pl - none - none
dafar	sg - m - none
ittrè	sg - f - none
nieqes	sg - m - none
naturali	none - none - none
tkabris	sg - m - none
ħattarin	pl - none - none
ferfuxin	pl - none - none
xkejjer	pl - none - none
progressiv	sg - m - none
twaqqigħa	sg - f - none
saqsiqija	sg - f - none
riżultati	pl - m - none
tentufa	sg - f - none
modesti	pl - none - none
ġulepp	sg - m - none
marmellati	pl - none - none
passiġġata	sg - f - none
newtonjan	sg - m - none
psiepes	pl - none - none
kalamita	sg - f - none
tibliqa	sg - f - none
qerridin	pl - none - none
ddeterminata	sg - f - none
korniment	sg - m - none
viżivi	pl - none - none
tnaħniħa	sg - f - none
werrieka	sg - f - none
żakkara	pl - none - none
komuni	none - none - none
siġra	sg - f - none
fuliet	pl - none - none
Gregorjani	pl - none - none
żbibiet	pl - none - none
melodiċi	pl - none - none
spiża	sg - f - none
karta	sg - f - none
taqnigħa	sg - f - none
tkarrima	pl - none - none
strofi	pl - none - none
mxatar	pl - none - none
titnis	sg - m - none
baqqiegħa	sg - f - none
meħdul	sg - m - none
farraki	sg - m - none
barradi	sg - m - none
duwa	sg - f - none
qżiewet	pl - none - none
sħajbiet	pl - none - none
kisjiet	pl - none - none
leflief	sg - m - none
ġostri	pl - none - none
aqsar	none - none - comparative
lbiesi	pl - none - none
klassifikazzjoni	sg - f - none
qalbiena	sg - f - none
pett	sg - m - none
ħrik	none - none - none
titrid	sg - m - none
zenzinija	pl - none - none
qmajsiet	pl - none - none
xili	sg - m - none
qarra	sg - f - none
tgelbil	none - none - none
ħarpun	sg - m - none
formazzjoni	sg - f - none
banavolji	pl - none - none
żift	none - m - none
amajjar	pl - none - none
ġuleppijiet	pl - none - none
nixxigħat	pl - none - none
bwejliet	pl - none - none
tmerrika	sg - f - none
infidila	sg - f - none
sfortunati	pl - none - none
tagħtigħa	sg - f - none
tinjira	sg - f - none
niket	sg - m - none
ċaflisa	sg - f - none
traċċiet	pl - none - none
debbieli	sg - m - none
maħfriet	pl - none - none
qrajgħa	sg - f - none
ħwar	coll - none - none
inkapaċitajiet	pl - none - none
dardir	sg - m - none
tmeddijiet	pl - none - none
tiġien	pl - none - none
kburi	sg - m - none
barraġ	sg - m - none
ligijiet	pl - f - none
żeġġiġin	pl - none - none
widdinin	pl - none - none
sammamin	pl - none - none
tbiġġila	sg - f - none
dottorali	dl - none - none
ftiet	pl - none - none
epilettika	sg - f - none
valuri	pl - m - none
sostitwita	sg - f - none
btajjen	sg - m - diminutive
serrigħat	pl - none - none
tikwin	sg - m - none
miftuħa	sg - f - none
ħarsiet	pl - none - none
inkorlat	sg - m - none
tiktina	sg - f - none
dikka	pl - none - none
tfissid	sg - m - none
likwidu	sg - m - none
kisra	sg - f - none
sellikija	pl - none - none
tlewwim	sg - m - none
waħħarija	pl - none - none
kelb	sg - m - none
xiżmi	pl - none - none
qanfied	sg - m - none
benġieli	sg - m - none
tgħim	sg - m - none
waqfa	sg - f - none
tifkiriet	pl - f - none
kardinali	pl - m - none
tumuri	pl - none - none
kuntistabbli	pl - none - none
mħaded	pl - none - none
isbaħ	none - none - comparative
sokra	sg - f - none
tagħjix	sg - m - none
etajiet	pl - f - none
blu	none - none - none
romblaturi	pl - none - none
insla	pl - none - none
stess	sg - m - none
perjodika	sg - f - none
semmigħija	sg - f - none
grat	sg - m - none
pastażun	sg - m - none
ilbieraħ	sg - m - none
keċċej	sg - m - none
għomja	pl - none - none
salm	sg - m - none
tmarrid	sg - m - none
saħħtu	sg - f - none
kanal	sg - m - none
friska	sg - f - none
stħarriġ	sg - m - none
ħommos	coll - m - none
mewġa	sg - f - none
imbroll	sg - m - none
sarmiet	pl - none - none
kebbiesi	sg - m - none
namruża	pl - none - none
interessi	pl - m - none
magg	sg - m - none
ħarra	sg - f - none
ħakmiet	pl - f - none
ħotbija	sg - f - none
tlajba	sg - f - none
anakronistiċi	pl - none - none
drammi	pl - f - none
moħliela	sg - f - none
leħħa	sg - f - none
daħna	sg - f - none
kewwejjin	pl - none - none
tisħira	sg - f - none
anglikana	sg - f - none
nazzjonalistika	sg - f - none
żarbina	sg - f - none
dijagramma	sg - f - none
ħtajba	sg - f - diminutive
sweters	pl - none - none
kwota	sg - f - none
tenfixija	sg - f - none
tħaffir	sg - m - none
bojod	pl - none - none
tinniesi	sg - m - none
passaparoli	none - f - none
serbut	sg - m - none
belliet	sg - m - none
qarrieqa	pl - none - none
delliek	sg - m - none
għaqdiet	none - f - none
dekkiek	sg - m - none
mitbugħin	pl - none - none
dellieli	sg - m - none
mieta	sg - f - none
sebħien	sg - m - none
lfif	sg - m - none
fwejjaħ	pl - none - none
lablabija	sg - f - none
nfurija	none - f - none
spanjol	sg - m - none
ħallata	sg - f - none
tnalja	sg - f - none
kavalletti	pl - none - none
mibegħda	sg - f - none
nidjiet	pl - none - none
libbra	sg - f - none
akkużati	pl - none - none
tħażdiq	sg - m - none
ħlib	sg - m - none
tniżżila	sg - f - none
żejjitija	pl - none - none
legliga	sg - f - none
bijoloġiku	sg - m - none
oppożizzjonijiet	pl - f - none
kożmiċi	pl - none - none
ċnut	pl - none - none
tqandila	sg - f - none
tilżima	sg - f - none
nikkitija	pl - none - none
kixxief	sg - m - none
nkejjuża	sg - f - none
tellara	pl - none - none
mistoqsijiet	pl - none - none
globali	none - none - none
sawwimija	pl - none - none
ħwienet	pl - none - none
fidi	sg - f - none
twames	pl - none - none
fuklari	pl - none - none
żarrada	sg - f - none
dakkari	sg - m - none
prinċipji	pl - m - none
problematiku	sg - m - none
żerżiqija	pl - none - none
kziezel	pl - none - none
likkimija	sg - f - none
il-maqluba	pl - none - none
leġittimi	pl - none - none
qarmuċa	sg - f - none
qolliegħa	sg - f - none
tqartim	coll - m - none
kartunett	sg - m - none
mxaħħam	sg - m - none
tfaqqigħa	sg - f - none
ħaqq	sg - m - none
fissiera	sg - f - none
qasqasija	pl - none - none
teħjima	sg - f - none
żegħiel	sg - m - none
kondotti	pl - none - none
laqgħa	sg - f - none
borom	pl - none - none
tixwit	sg - m - none
werdinija	pl - none - none
bużelliequ	none - m - none
storiku	sg - m - none
patata	sg - f - none
wegħidin	pl - none - none
dnubiet	pl - none - none
tbelliq	sg - m - none
parlant	sg - m - none
ċikkulata	sg - f - none
fond	sg - m - none
sovjetiku	sg - m - none
repubbliki	pl - f - none
evoluzzjoni	sg - f - none
fondi	pl - none - none
ħabliet	pl - none - none
spanjola	sg - f - none
ferkux	sg - m - none
lagħabi	sg - m - none
rżi:n	sg - m - none
kitfa	none - none - none
megħiżija	sg - f - none
biżnis	sg - m - none
armata	sg - f - none
ksir	sg - m - none
fawwar	sg - m - none
manek	pl - none - none
leblib	coll - m - none
maqfel	sg - m - none
żengulija	sg - f - none
waqqafa	sg - f - none
previżjonijiet	pl - none - none
nuffara	sg - f - none
anestetiku	sg - m - none
venvinin	pl - none - none
pespus	sg - m - none
tqabbil	sg - m - none
sriep	pl - none - none
stupru	sg - m - none
mżaqq	sg - m - none
ajruporti	pl - m - none
tixrix	sg - m - none
tefgħa	sg - f - none
lqugħija	sg - f - none
qadumiet	pl - none - none
mixja	sg - f - none
żafżfiet	pl - none - none
servizz	sg - m - none
kobba	sg - f - none
futur	sg - m - none
osservati	pl - none - none
mdieri	pl - none - none
kompluti	pl - none - none
kanoniku	sg - m - none
xewkiet	pl_pl - none - none
varaturi	pl - none - none
libertin	sg - m - none
axtrej	sg - m - none
beżlieka	sg - f - none
giddiebi	sg - m - none
dexxix	sg - m - none
setet	pl - none - none
hriż	sg - m - none
qarsa	pl - none - none
taqmir	sg - m - none
taptipiet	pl - none - none
tqattit	sg - m - none
ġabbara	sg - f - none
peruvjana	sg - f - none
watjin	pl - none - none
taħżin	sg - m - none
legliega	sg - f - none
benniniet	pl - none - none
innu	sg - m - none
muswafa	pl - none - none
tablit	sg - m - none
mediċi	pl - none - none
żhuma	sg - f - none
felħi	sg - m - none
stejks	pl - none - none
ruxxana	sg - f - none
tfajjira	sg - f - none
żiggijiet	pl - none - none
diskriminazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
konfederazzjoni	sg - f - none
herwiela	sg - f - none
qażżieża	sg - f - none
brija	sg - f - none
firda	sg - f - none
qsusija	pl - none - none
faga	sg - f - none
delegati	pl - m - none
diffikultà	sg - f - none
taflija	sg - f - none
kompetituri	pl - m - none
ħażżiqin	pl - none - none
mejlieq	sg - m - none
taffalija	pl - none - none
dardarin	pl - none - none
lukandi	pl - f - none
tlewwit	sg - m - none
ħabbieża	sg - f - none
xoqor	sg - m - none
titmira	sg - f - none
tmermira	sg - f - none
tewħida	sg - f - none
gerfiexa	sg - f - none
xmienaq	none - none - none
żarba	sg - f - none
sekkinin	pl - none - none
konfronti	pl - none - none
għatxan	sg - m - none
bewwisin	pl - none - none
segwiti	pl - none - none
waqqigħin	pl - none - none
sabbatin	pl - none - none
spettaturi	pl - m - none
settiħat	pl - none - none
stieħi	pl - none - none
mistagħġba	sg - f - none
kartolerija	sg - f - none
kaħli	pl - none - none
ħalbin	pl - none - none
xuxana	pl - none - none
bexxixija	sg - f - none
apprezzata	sg - f - none
tferċiħa	sg - f - none
ikklassifikat	sg - m - none
letlitin	pl - none - none
jilħaqlu	sg - m - none
tektieka	pl - none - none
kwadranti	pl - none - none
għefiered	pl - none - none
tifqid	sg - m - none
rebbiegħat	pl - f - none
nofsinhar	sg - m - none
ħanħan	sg - m - none
borra	sg - f - none
skrin	sg - m - none
karawettiet	pl - none - none
passa	sg - f - none
profetika	sg - f - none
ferfirija	sg - f - none
xabla	sg - f - none
qassamin	pl - none - none
dejqa	sg - f - none
serbi	pl - none - none
rkis	sg - m - none
gabinetti	pl - none - none
taħtni	sg - m - none
żbir	sg - m - none
ġilda	sg - f - none
faxxa	sg - f - none
fixkil	sg - m - none
tnaqqija	sg - f - none
nervi	pl - none - none
waqfa	sg - f - none
magni	pl - f - none
tabib	sg - m - none
mixwija	sg - f - none
loġistiċi	pl - none - none
teffigħin	pl - none - none
tlestijiet	pl - none - none
kerhinin	pl - none - none
ferfiera	sg - f - none
stabbilit	sg - m - none
beżżulija	sg - f - none
qawr	sg - m - none
saħħaħa	pl - none - none
sawwara	pl - none - none
żqajqiet	pl - none - none
satiriku	sg - m - none
poġġuta	sg - f - none
ħasra	sg - f - none
mejda	sg - f - none
l-iżjed	none - none - superlative
taħfif	sg - m - none
bajja	sg - f - none
djarji	pl - none - none
torta	sg - f - none
mikroskopiċi	pl - none - none
mnieħri	sg - m - none
kantant	sg - m - none
faqqusa	sg - f - none
dibattiti	pl - m - none
mħallef	sg - m - none
skultura	sg - f - none
moniters	pl - none - none
atturi	pl - f - none
spjega	sg - f - none
ġahrin	pl - none - none
fehimija	sg - f - none
tradizzjonijiet	pl - f - none
saħħitha	sg - f - none
bżara	sg - f - none
niedja	pl - none - none
trombi	pl - none - none
kannizzata	sg - f - none
bil-buri	pl - none - none
sewwiesa	sg - f - none
tellieti	sg - m - none
maestru	sg - m - none
għaram	pl - none - none
żwalijiet	pl - none - none
senat	sg - m - none
sfond	sg - m - none
buqari	pl - none - none
tisrim	sg - m - none
lenbubija	pl - none - none
darbtejn	dl - none - none
kattolika	sg - f - none
verifikabbli	none - none - none
dehixin	pl - none - none
tiġdira	sg - f - none
sustanzi	pl - f - none
orfni	sg - m - none
deffien	sg - m - none
ħerqana	sg - f - none
għerusija	sg - f - none
musmar	sg - m - none
tiswira	sg - f - none
slimiża	pl - none - none
komunisti	pl - none - none
msiemer	pl - none - none
dirja	sg - f - none
sajran	sg - m - none
waħħarin	pl - none - none
delizzjuż	sg - m - none
żellieqi	sg - m - none
applaws	sg - m - none
giddibuna	sg - f - none
kunsill	sg - m - none
geddisija	sg - f - none
botanika	sg - f - none
speċifikat	sg - m - none
ħati	sg - m - none
barbikju	sg - m - none
tibkir	sg - m - none
tbiegħi	pl - none - none
qarrimin	pl - none - none
tfawwir	sg - m - none
inkjesta	sg - f - none
nehieda	pl - none - none
żejjiena	pl - none - none
ħamri	sg - m - none
nemnimija	pl - none - none
stazzjon	sg - f - none
żelliema	pl - none - none
mejjilija	sg - f - none
bażiku	sg - m - none
paċpaċi	sg - m - none
rotta	sg - f - none
qtan	pl - none - none
invarjabilitajiet	pl - none - none
strajks	pl - none - none
damdimiet	pl - none - none
unzjoni	sg - m - none
dewwedija	sg - f - none
arzell	sg - m - none
tqebbix	sg - m - none
insalata	sg - f - none
sold	sg - m - none
ħeġġiġija	sg - f - none
xitla	sg - f - none
dominji	pl - m - none
missirijiet	pl - m - none
ranġament	sg - m - none
istinti	pl - m - none
badbiedi	sg - m - none
eqfiel	pl - none - none
leffieqi	sg - m - none
feddej	sg - m - none
adorazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
settiera	sg - f - none
ħwat	pl - none - none
gergies	sg - m - none
tebbiena	sg - f - none
ġurnal	sg - m - none
żipp	sg - m - none
periklu	sg - m - none
berkila	sg - f - none
tislita	sg - f - none
te	sg - m - none
farradi	sg - m - none
sinottiku	sg - m - none
maqmieq	sg - m - none
maġistrat	sg - m - none
tewwikin	pl - none - none
pulptu	sg - m - none
dipendenzi	pl - f - none
sefsifiet	pl - none - none
tajran	sg - m - none
xaħxiħija	sg - f - none
tektukin	pl - none - none
blejta	sg - f - diminutive
kastiljana	sg - f - none
tebbieki	sg - m - none
kaħħalin	pl - none - none
tiġsima	sg - f - none
nekkejja	pl - none - none
segretarjat	sg - m - none
taħbib	sg - m - none
ferkuxija	sg - f - none
bagħlin	pl - none - none
żurriqija	sg - f - none
moqżieża	pl - none - none
beżżula	sg - f - none
tbewwit	sg - m - none
wettej	sg - m - none
qomos	pl - none - none
ħaxxiemi	sg - m - none
llegali	sg - m - none
kinija	sg - f - none
drawwiet	pl - none - none
ġeometriku	sg - m - none
kiċinetts	pl - none - none
żuffjettati	pl - none - none
tajriet	pl - none - none
mtabaħ	pl - none - none
ħoxnija	sg - f - none
ġerrejja	pl - none - none
felliħin	pl - none - none
qatgħanin	pl - none - none
ħalt	sg - m - none
miġrad	sg - m - none
norveġiżi	pl - none - none
soppa	sg - f - none
webbinija	pl - none - none
ħaġġiġin	pl - none - none
stqarrija	sg - f - none
nebbieħ	sg - m - none
laqqat	sg - m - none
ċari	pl - none - none
żdrajjati	pl - none - none
ħbiberija	sg - f - none
waħħari	sg - m - none
tġissima	sg - f - none
mess	sg - m - none
detenzjonijiet	pl - f - none
ħarrifin	pl - none - none
qarabagħlijiet	pl - none - none
diżgrazzja	sg - f - none
ħażina	sg - f - none
darr	sg - m - none
tentixa	sg - f - none
vot	sg - m - none
ħaddar	sg - m - none
mixja	sg - f - none
kalendarju	sg - m - none
kolla	sg - f - none
serrieqa	pl - none - none
fatma	sg - m - none
tgħajjit	sg - m - none
selliħin	pl - none - none
qattiela	sg - f - none
telliegħa	sg - f - none
mottos	pl - none - none
tqajlin	pl - none - none
ħnejdaq	sg - m - diminutive
tqawwija	sg - f - none
tilqimiet	pl - none - none
tir	sg - m - none
mżejbliet	pl - none - none
frix	sg - m - none
torox	pl - none - none
ugwaljanzi	pl - f - none
titwima	sg - f - none
tqaħqiħa	sg - f - none
tisbiq	sg - m - none
gost	sg - m - none
ġinsijiet	pl - none - none
tierja	pl - none - none
marrari	sg - m - none
ħaqqarin	pl - none - none
kontributi	pl - none - none
fernetiku	sg - m - none
faħħar	sg - m - none
bewwiesa	sg - f - none
rivelazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
djaletti	pl - none - none
pexixiet	pl - none - none
tbenġila	sg - f - none
tilwim	sg - m - none
ħemsin	pl - none - none
xidja	sg - f - none
sikkina	sg - f - none
tpaxpixa	sg - f - none
aħbarijiet	pl - none - none
statuti	pl - none - none
naqqajja	pl - none - none
kriżijiet	pl - f - none
qattana	pl - none - none
fekkieki	sg - m - none
tberrin	sg - m - none
mtiefi	pl - none - none
strumenti	pl - m - none
nsara	pl - none - none
paroli	pl - none - none
trasformazzjoni	sg - f - none
ranġaturi	pl - none - none
taqħit	sg - m - none
tidrib	sg - m - none
favorit	sg - m - none
maħmieħa	pl - none - none
għorrief	pl - none - none
deżerti	pl - f - none
nagħgħal	sg - m - none
feddejja	pl - none - none
anakronistika	sg - f - none
siekta	sg - f - none
mrad	sg - m - none
salvagwardja	sg - f - none
kompetittiv	sg - m - none
tgħaġġil	none - none - none
epilessija	sg - f - none
terħiet	pl - none - none
giddieb	sg - m - none
klassifikazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
ħassadin	pl - none - none
melodika	sg - f - none
servjenta	sg - f - none
dras	pl - none - none
ċuċata	sg - f - none
ħarbiet	pl - none - none
tfekrina	sg - f - none
ħaxma	sg - f - none
sallabi	sg - m - none
waġgħa	sg - f - none
biċċerija	sg - m - none
għarma	sg - f - none
sewwejjin	pl - none - none
sannara	sg - f - none
villa	sg - f - none
rebbiħin	pl - none - none
waqqiegħa	pl - none - none
lelluxi	sg - m - none
ġimgħat	pl - none - none
titriż	sg - m - none
djuqija	sg - f - none
mgħobbija	pl - none - none
kawtiela	sg - f - none
msaħaq	pl - none - none
maqmiqin	pl - none - none
artistika	sg - f - none
assedji	pl - none - none
tqaddiba	sg - f - none
redusa	sg - f - none
speċjalist	sg - m - none
tpartix	coll - m - none
temmiegħa	sg - f - none
nadif	sg - m - none
mseqqer	sg - m - none
masħa	sg - f - none
fissiedi	sg - m - none
xappapa	sg - f - none
stress	sg - m - none
krieket	pl - none - none
perjodi	pl - m - none
sadqin	pl - none - none
tagħris	none - none - none
bekbika	sg - f - none
taffalin	pl - none - none
leblieba	sg - f - none
applikazzjoni	sg - f - none
żegligin	pl - none - none
żvilupp	sg - m - none
ċerċirata	sg - f - none
mraħħsa	sg - f - none
debbiela 	sg - f - none
ġermaniku	sg - m - none
għasriet	pl - none - none
qattieta	sg - f - none
tbaqqin	sg - m - none
kantastorja	none - none - none
kummiedja	sg - f - none
gerfuxiet	pl - none - none
mqatel	pl - none - none
barranija	sg - f - none
busajjieda	sg - f - none
ċatt	sg - m - none
barranija	sg - f - none
sagħgħalin	pl - none - none
maħmuġa	sg - f - none
derriesa	sg - f - none
ċapsiet	pl - none - none
niffixija	none - f - none
barrikati	pl - none - none
fissirija	sg - f - none
rappreżentant	sg - m - none
debbirin	pl - none - none
għajn	sg - f - none
trota	sg - f - none
tbaċċina	sg - f - none
fided	pl - none - none
dulliegħa	sg - f - none
baxxuti	pl - none - none
piġama	sg - f - none
progressivi	pl - none - none
pixxispadi	pl - none - none
maxtura	sg - f - none
mirek	pl - none - none
tisfida	sg - f - none
tħarriqa	sg - f - none
qrieċel	pl - none - none
ilment	sg - m - none
ontoloġiċi	pl - none - none
skeċis	pl - none - none
sefsifija	pl - none - none
klimi	pl - f - none
sovjetika	sg - f - none
weswiesa	sg - f - none
ċanfir	coll - m - none
zuppjatura	sg - f - none
ħdajjen	sg - m - diminutive
qaddimin	pl - none - none
xaqliebi	sg - m - none
saħwiet	pl - none - none
kilogramm	sg - m - none
tiġdima	sg - f - none
gerrież	sg - m - none
mdiewi	pl - none - none
sebħiet	pl - none - none
brik	sg - m - none
tfertil	sg - m - none
lewwiemi	sg - m - none
tirfisa	sg - f - none
tisfir	sg - m - none
baqbiqija	sg - f - none
krexxuni	sg - none - none
elevati	pl - none - none
newwiela	sg - f - none
komplut	sg - m - none
skutella	sg - f - none
tennejjin	pl - none - none
xrar	sg - m - none
għajnbaqar	coll - none - none
ħalba	sg - f - none
limitu	sg - m - none
qarrieħ	sg - m - none
diskussa	sg - f - none
raċanċ	coll - m - none
seftur	sg - m - none
germidin	pl - none - none
kantawtur	sg - m - none
bexxiet	pl - none - none
dehhieba	pl - none - none
nemlin	pl - none - none
żilżla	sg - f - none
karma	sg - f - none
sidriet	pl - none - none
leglig	coll - m - none
perrieċa	sg - f - none
vulkanika	sg - f - none
mikxufin	pl - none - none
tewwimin	pl - none - none
identiku	sg - m - none
dinamiku	sg - m - none
ramijiet	pl - none - none
qagħda	sg - f - none
tħawwila	sg - f - none
twiddin	none - none - none
sammar	sg - m - none
ċar	sg - m - none
żebbigħija	pl - none - none
mitluqa	pl - none - none
direzzjonijiet	pl - f - none
ċuċati	pl - none - none
tagħwiġ	sg - m - none
masġar	sg - m - none
preparata	sg - f - none
inkluża	sg - f - none
rombli	pl - none - none
ġejjieba	sg - f - none
magiċi	pl - none - none
ferkixin	pl - none - none
pum	sg - m - none
tirgħix	sg - m - none
żnejjed	sg - m - none
taħtifa	sg - f - none
każajr	sg - m - none
pejxi	pl - none - none
tibdil	sg - m - none
tinwiba	sg - f - none
xettiku	sg - m - none
xenxul	sg - m - none
rvini	pl - none - none
nieqsa	sg - f - none
maħleb	sg - m - none
qiegħda	sg - f - none
gemgim	sg - m - none
tħammira	sg - f - none
ċwajlu	sg - m - diminutive
kraf	pl - none - none
mitben	sg - none - none
sinjifikattiva	sg - f - none
timdid	sg - m - none
gers	pl - none - none
mitoloġiji	pl - none - none
ħarbut	sg - m - none
tiżwila	sg - f - none
serriegħa	sg - f - none
qwilija	pl - none - none
qanżieħ	sg - m - none
qrati	pl - none - none
tewwieta	pl - none - none
neffiħin	pl - none - none
ħuttafa	sg - f - none
tniggiża	sg - f - none
tebbikija	pl - none - none
kkontrollata	sg - f - none
tgħaddil	sg - m - none
taħtnija	sg - f - none
dgħuma	sg - f - none
kixxiefi	sg - m - none
raxka	sg - f - none
poxt	sg - m - none
ksieħ	coll - none - none
kabbarin	pl - none - none
votazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
ħam	sg - m - none
innovazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
dijabetiku	sg - m - none
demmiesi	sg - m - none
sqawi	pl - none - none
ħabaq	coll - none - none
stmerrija	sg - f - none
peduna	sg - f - none
bewl	sg - m - none
idgħam	sg - m - none
żabbara	sg - f - none
bhejma	sg - f - none
frattariji	pl - none - none
tnissila	sg - f - none
l-istess	pl - none - none
tnassib	sg - m - none
taħżiq	sg - m - none
żerrigħin	pl - none - none
qassarin	pl - none - none
giddiemi	sg - m - none
tibsir	sg - m - none
ferrieħi	sg - m - none
tilbita	sg - f - none
għarajjex	pl - none - none
xalatur	sg - m - none
fernetiċi	pl - none - none
enerġetiku	sg - m - none
bieba	sg - f - none
maltempati	pl - none - none
insulti	pl - none - none
semgħat	pl - none - none
raġġi	pl - none - none
ċellieqa	sg - f - none
żakkarija	sg - f - none
kristall	sg - m - none
ċriev	pl - m - none
rabbaba	sg - f - none
ċnus	pl - none - none
tmaxxita	sg - f - none
pċiepeċ	pl - none - none
perżuta	sg - f - none
pejjiepi	sg - m - none
ħabbata	sg - f - none
xufieri	pl - none - none
insolvenzi	pl - none - none
falliment	sg - m - none
kors	sg - m - none
ħarxa	sg - f - none
bagoll	sg - m - none
tegħiba	sg - f - none
dannu	sg - m - none
bekkum	sg - m - none
premju	sg - m - none
ħabża	sg - f - none
snasar	pl - none - none
mgħobbi	sg - m - none
mqajel	pl - none - none
tfaħħim	sg - m - none
kleru	coll - none - none
aħħarija	sg - f - none
densa	sg - f - none
naqba	sg - f - none
mkielem	pl - none - none
werrej	sg - m - none
vokabolarju	sg - m - none
nemmisija	sg - f - none
tqarrisa	sg - f - none
taqdira	sg - f - none
kwadru	sg - m - none
irrispettati	pl - none - none
mejjiel	sg - m - none
tattika	sg - f - none
ġganteska	sg - f - none
żilġa	sg - f - none
kantina	sg - f - none
merrieħi	sg - m - none
eretika	sg - f - none
poni	sg - m - none
tlexxin	sg - m - none
bellieh	sg - m - none
dixxipli	pl - none - none
koperturi	pl - none - none
aġenda	sg - f - none
elettromanjetika	sg - f - none
werqa	sg - f - none
żahrija	sg - f - none
theddidiet	pl - none - none
ġarrafin	pl - none - none
bqija	sg - f - none
qammarin	pl - none - none
żembiħa	sg - f - none
gverta	sg - f - none
ġeneruża	sg - f - none
utejqa	sg - f - none
xaħxieħa	sg - f - none
ċiniku	sg - m - none
qmat	sg - m - none
sattari	sg - m - none
ħarta	sg - f - none
gilpa	sg - f - none
faħmija	sg - f - none
platonika	sg - f - none
pulmun	sg - m - none
tbannisa	sg - f - none
ħxejxa	sg - f - diminutive
ispluzjonijiet	pl - f - none
ħabsija	sg - f - none
lqugħin	pl - none - none
sellifija	pl - none - none
opinjonijiet	pl - f - none
elmu	sg - m - none
baħbuħa	sg - f - none
tħabbir	sg - m - none
fini	pl - none - none
ibxax	pl - none - comparative
ħjatiet	pl - none - none
sisa	sg - f - none
ġrajjiet	pl - none - none
referenzi	pl - none - none
laqlieqi	sg - m - none
bass	coll - m - none
sottofamilja	sg - f - none
żerrieki	sg - m - none
taqsimiet	pl - none - none
mwildin	pl - none - none
kuljum	none - none - none
okkażjoni	sg - f - none
frugħa	sg - f - none
waħħadin	pl - none - none
tiċlim	sg - m - none
tidrisa	sg - f - none
rappreżentanti	pl - none - none
venvina	sg - f - none
gażżajja	sg - f - none
tqartisa	sg - f - none
tmeżmiża	sg - f - none
tfewwiħ	sg - m - none
moqraba	sg - f - none
nixxufa	pl - none - none
sufan	sg - m - none
fallimentari	sg - f - none
mistieden	sg - m - none
ħadranin	pl - none - none
sakranin	pl - none - none
protest	sg - m - none
tinqija	sg - f - none
tartira	sg - f - none
ħassada	pl - none - none
teftifin	pl - none - none
twajba	pl - none - none
zikketti	pl - none - none
ċint	sg - m - none
fallaza	sg - f - none
qassisin	pl - m - none
xjaten	pl - none - none
prussjan	sg - m - none
tampun	sg - m - none
diżarmonija	sg - f - none
tfesfisa	sg - f - none
kanadiżi	pl - none - none
laqqamin	pl - none - none
bikja	sg - f - none
titlu	sg - m - none
żelliġin	pl - none - none
domestika	sg - f - none
attendenza	sg - f - none
għajnbaqra	sg - f - none
xandarija	sg - f - none
talbana	sg - f - none
ravanella	sg - f - none
folta	sg - f - none
kuċċarun	sg - m - none
serq	sg - m - none
ħaxixu	sg - m - none
ħalib	sg - m - none
baxxa	sg - f - none
togħmiet	pl - none - none
tbewwiqa	sg - f - none
tkixxif	sg - m - none
opera	sg - f - none
supplimenti	pl - none - none
rigorużi	pl - none - none
miġbud	sg - m - none
titbigħa	sg - f - none
berqija	sg - f - none
fellies	sg - m - none
tiftil	sg - m - none
tpartit	coll - m - none
għaġajjen	pl - f - none
ħażar	sg - m - none
medji	pl - none - none
segretarju	sg - m - none
saqqijiet	pl - none - none
mattalin	pl - none - none
sawminin	pl - none - none
roħs	sg - m - none
tmergħin	coll - m - none
żbanduti	pl - none - none
petrol	sg - m - none
wiski	sg - m - none
tibna	sg - f - none
gawdjużi	pl - none - none
formoli	pl - f - none
kolonjaliżmu	sg - m - none
żnieda	sg - m - none
trasmissjonijiet	pl - none - none
massakri	pl - none - none
tħammima	sg - f - none
labar	pl - none - none
niggiżija	none - f - none
najjarija	sg - f - none
żarżarin	pl - none - none
nittinin	pl - none - none
daħħana	sg - f - none
erojku	sg - m - none
sfajfra	sg - f - none
ferriqin	pl - none - none
sterlina	sg - f - none
bibbji	pl - f - none
tarrada	sg - f - none
faħħarin	pl - none - none
ingliża	sg - f - none
elaborata	sg - f - none
kerrihin	pl - none - none
kebsa	sg - f - none
ħdajra	sg - f - none
tiżkir	sg - m - none
solidarjetajiet	pl - f - none
marida	sg - f - none
bil-buri	sg - f - none
kaxxiera	pl - none - none
tibtira	sg - f - none
mexxejja	sg - f - none
tiġijiet	pl - none - none
herrieżi	sg - m - none
kemmidija	sg - f - none
nikkitija	sg - f - none
melodiji	pl - f - none
wiżżiena	pl - none - none
nhar	sg - m - none
dubju	sg - m - none
tiġhiża	sg - f - none
ħaxwa	sg - f - none
tkejjila	sg - f - none
xampu	sg - m - none
ċallami	sg - m - none
taġen	sg - m - none
tkomplijiet	pl - none - none
tal-għaġeb	sg - f - none
tiżrid	sg - m - none
mattala	sg - f - none
mejlieqa	sg - f - none
skors	pl - m - none
serpentina	sg - f - none
filett	sg - m - none
seffuda	sg - f - none
franċiż	sg - m - none
ragħaja	pl - none - none
relativistika	sg - f - none
faċendi	pl - none - none
priġunerija	sg - f - none
preċiżi	pl - none - none
siwjiet	pl - none - none
emikranja	sg - f - none
sqajjaf	none - m - none
qamar	sg - m - none
tinfiqa	sg - f - none
urgenza	sg - f - none
kanadiż	sg - m - none
oħxon	sg - m - none
demografiku	sg - m - none
newħa	sg - f - none
sabbara	sg - f - none
tawwal	sg - m - none
każajrin	pl - none - none
ħriebex	pl - none - none
merdquxa	sg - f - none
ġewwiżin	pl - none - none
dexxiexi	sg - m - none
bombi	pl - f - none
żmagat	sg - m - none
meċliqin	pl - none - none
formali	none - none - none
wettejjin	pl - none - none
fassalin	pl - none - none
episodji	pl - none - none
assedjat	sg - m - none
dutturi	pl - none - none
miskin	sg - m - none
twaġen	pl - none - none
selliefi	sg - m - none
gvernijiet	pl - m - none
sammatija	pl - none - none
ġmigħ	sg - m - none
sqallin	pl - none - none
qadja	sg - f - none
brimb	sg - m - none
protetta	sg - f - none
mellisin	pl - none - none
setgħa	sg - f - none
titmis	sg - m - none
sammija	sg - f - none
saqja	sg - f - none
iranjana	sg - f - none
tikbis	sg - m - none
sniedaq	pl - none - none
tarfi	sg - m - none
wiżintejn	dl - none - none
tilsina	sg - f - none
berrieħ	sg - m - none
zliezet	pl - none - none
strateġiji	pl - none - none
karawett	coll - none - none
ferfixija	sg - f - none
fliefel	pl - none - none
misħuta	sg - f - none
bewwies	sg - m - none
oriġini	sg - f - none
teoriċi	pl - none - none
kessejja	pl - none - none
patrijotti	pl - m - none
passarelli	pl - none - none
krieċaħ	pl - none - none
ktieb	sg - m - none
iddedikati	pl - none - none
taħriġ	sg - m - none
ħlewwa	sg - f - none
tneffiq	sg - m - none
newma	sg - f - none
fanatiċi	pl - none - none
qattilija	sg - f - none
teffiegħ	sg - m - none
ħabja	sg - f - none
musraġin	pl - none - none
mewwisin	pl - none - none
rinomata	sg - f - none
votazzjoni	sg - f - none
qarriqija	pl - none - none
densi	pl - none - none
tebbiqija	sg - f - none
barbara	sg - f - none
sentimenti	pl - m - none
ħalġ	sg - m - none
sensiel	sg - m - none
rappreżentat	sg - m - none
kolonja	sg - f - none
tkebbisa	sg - f - none
qaddifija	pl - none - none
fornitura	sg - f - none
lewwiqin	pl - none - none
sadda	sg - f - none
filmati	pl - m - none
Tork	sg - m - none
ħanżir	sg - m - none
beżlieka	sg - f - none
dwala	sg - f - none
xbihat	pl - none - none
ġemmieda	sg - f - none
baħri	sg - m - none
telefon	sg - m - none
posta	sg - f - none
riferenza	sg - f - none
sakkara	sg - f - none
kaotiku	sg - m - none
grazzjużi	pl - none - none
traba	sg - f - none
kitbiet	pl - none - none
ħammiġin	pl - none - none
tili	sg - m - none
saqsiqija	pl - none - none
simenta	sg - f - none
tpennina	sg - f - none
mexmiexi	sg - m - none
tiksiħa	sg - f - none
moħliel	sg - m - none
ħettifin	pl - none - none
baqqigħin	pl - none - none
żuffjett	sg - m - none
sensilin	pl - none - none
appassjonat	sg - m - none
baħħarin	pl - none - none
tinwila	sg - f - none
urna	sg - f - none
maskra	sg - f - none
żerżiq	coll - m - none
tbiżżil	sg - m - none
beżżul	sg - m - none
entitajiet	pl - none - none
għejun	pl - none - none
isħet	none - none - comparative
sarsira	sg - f - none
felliela	sg - f - none
ċimi	pl - none - none
xitwin	pl - none - none
termini	pl - none - none
rażna	sg - f - none
profeti	pl - m - none
ħabib	sg - m - none
mitrux	sg - m - none
namuri	pl - none - none
stipulata	sg - f - none
faċenda	sg - f - none
mifrugħ	sg - m - none
imlaħ	none - none - comparative
duħħan	sg - m - none
ħarrabi	sg - m - none
mqagħad	pl - none - none
qarriegħ	sg - m - none
żebbiela	pl - none - none
żimlija	sg - f - none
saġġar	sg - m - none
digrieti	pl - none - none
ħtif	sg - m - none
wessieqa	pl - none - none
magħqudin	pl - none - none
stimulanti	pl - none - none
bluhati	pl - none - none
lexxuna	sg - f - none
kjuwijiet	pl - none - none
innovattiv	sg - m - none
supperva	sg - f - none
ħlifiet	pl - none - none
gelgieli	sg - m - none
tmekmika	sg - f - none
naħat	pl - f - none
faqsin	pl - none - none
data	sg - f - none
bur	sg - m - none
nasr	sg - m - none
susa	coll - f - none
kompatta	sg - f - none
bananiet	pl - none - none
armoniku	sg - m - none
taħnixa	sg - f - none
sibiena	sg - f - none
nassa	sg - f - none
ekonomika	sg - f - none
mogħdija	sg - f - none
tawwara	pl - none - none
għażżiena	sg - f - none
ġejjieni	sg - m - none
taffalija	sg - f - none
żebbuġ	coll - m - none
żerrikija	pl - none - none
lanċa	sg - f - none
erotiċi	pl - none - none
fissieda	sg - f - none
kronoloġika	sg - f - none
mitfijin	pl - none - none
werdiena	pl - none - none
xelter	sg - m - none
ħażżien	sg - m - none
tiklima	sg - f - none
fidili	pl - none - none
prokuratur	sg - m - none
sawwama	pl - none - none
nagħliet	pl - none - none
frażijiet	pl - none - none
baħħatin	pl - none - none
swejda	pl - none - none
midjuna	sg - f - none
therwila	sg - f - none
eroj	sg - m - none
siġġijiet	pl - m - none
unzjonijiet	pl - none - none
fanatiku	sg - m - none
immarkat	sg - m - none
romblaturija	pl - none - none
sibien	coll - m - none
tkittifa	sg - f - none
mewwisija	sg - f - none
leff	sg - m - none
ljieli	pl - none - none
qassisin	pl - none - none
impost	sg - m - none
sħubijiet	pl - none - none
ġebbies	sg - m - none
twerżiq	coll - m - none
senniġija	sg - f - none
serrieħi	sg - m - none
flieles	pl - none - none
germiedi	sg - m - none
stati	pl - m - none
tbarrima	sg - f - none
keffifin	pl - none - none
għadu	sg - m - none
gemgima	sg - f - none
teqjisa	sg - f - none
lenbebin	pl - none - none
mnajxar	sg - m - diminutive
denb	sg - m - none
fwawar	pl - none - none
atmosferiċi	pl - none - none
avviżatur	sg - m - none
folkloristika	sg - f - none
fagħal	sg - m - none
ipotetika	sg - f - none
lment	sg - m - none
faqsa	sg - f - none
dwiefer	pl - none - none
bakkar	sg - m - none
faqmin	pl - none - none
qiesi	sg - m - none
taqmira	sg - f - none
wirja	sg - f - none
qassarin	pl - none - none
tqaddim	sg - m - none
attivitajiet	pl - f - none
serridin	pl - none - none
enigmatiku	sg - m - none
semplifikat	sg - m - none
tnaqqisa	sg - f - none
sid	sg - m - none
fewwiġija	sg - f - none
parlata	sg - f - none
saddidin	pl - none - none
konkatidral	sg - m - none
ħaxximin	pl - none - none
saltna	sg - f - none
biċċtejn	dl - none - none
kosti	pl - none - none
kisba	sg - f - none
tqaddid	sg - m - none
taħħana	sg - f - none
gendus	sg - m - none
ħalel	pl - none - none
kirurga	sg - f - none
inkompluti	pl - none - none
sfidi	pl - none - none
brimb	coll - none - none
ħarriġiet	pl - none - none
tisjira	sg - f - none
jugoslava	sg - f - none
sfiċċusa	sg - f - none
tħambiq	sg - m - none
tbarrir	sg - m - none
florist	sg - m - none
tfendija	sg - f - none
kaħħalija	sg - f - none
ċedenti	pl - none - none
żbubi	sg - m - none
mifrex	sg - m - none
waħx	sg - m - none
tifriħa	sg - f - none
għoqda	sg - f - none
puniku	sg - m - none
tqaddib	sg - m - none
bewwieġa	sg - f - none
korporazzjoni	sg - f - none
fattama	sg - f - none
ankra	sg - f - none
kenniena	sg - f - none
vasta	sg - f - none
kawlata	sg - f - none
kissieb	sg - m - none
żibġa	sg - f - none
rifuġjata	sg - f - none
optixin	sg - m - none
pettnijiet	pl - none - none
gidma	sg - f - none
mxewwxa	sg - f - none
maqar	sg - m - none
mellej	sg - m - none
ħġieġ	sg - m - none
webbilin	pl - none - none
saħħabin	pl - none - none
ġellewż	sg - m - none
xaqlibija	pl - none - none
maħħuħa	sg - f - none
werrikija	sg - f - none
ġenb	sg - m - none
żagżagin	pl - none - none
ħabbar	sg - m - none
werdien	sg - m - none
ġnub	pl - none - none
tmaħħijiet	pl - none - none
passejn	dl - none - none
kuċċarini	pl - none - none
għadmiet	pl - f - none
żibdija	pl - none - none
moxtijiet	pl - none - none
kbiex	pl - none - none
tidfis	sg - m - none
sonniferu	sg - m - none
tawl	pl - none - none
responsabbli	none - none - none
seffidija	pl - none - none
birka	sg - f - none
bexbiexi	sg - m - none
mankijiet	pl - none - none
lealtajiet	pl - none - none
wetqiet	pl - none - none
milizzji	pl - none - none
kejjitin	pl - none - none
kullari	pl - none - none
ġandar	coll - none - none
ċerv	sg - m - none
waħħama	pl - none - none
friekex	pl - none - none
maħnoqiet	pl - none - none
speċi	sg - f - none
bulgariż	sg - m - none
allegazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
tisrima	sg - f - none
dejjiqija	sg - f - none
taqtuqa	sg - f - none
nominazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
mewt	sg - m - none
ġustizzja	sg - f - none
qarrigħija	sg - f - none
taħdit	none - none - none
ċaħda	sg - f - none
ewlenin	pl - none - none
nemliet	pl - none - none
premjijiet	pl - m - none
najjarin	pl - none - none
rgennijiet	pl - none - none
tmantir	coll - m - none
ippubblikat	sg - m - none
felwa	sg - f - none
tiswija	sg - f - none
vinċta	sg - f - none
konkupixxenza	sg - f - none
kantuniera	sg - f - none
ċibernetika	sg - f - none
mrejżba	sg - f - none
universali	none - none - none
qaffas	sg - m - none
serpentini	pl - none - none
terminu	sg - m - none
tinbita	none - none - none
taqqala	sg - f - none
żelliqija	pl - none - none
lubien	sg - m - none
rebħ	sg - m - none
maqħab	sg - m - none
werrixija	pl - none - none
abbozz	sg - m - none
mraħħsin	pl - none - none
tbenġil	sg - m - none
nekkejjin	pl - none - none
lapes	sg - f - none
kemmiexi	sg - m - none
dehrien	sg - m - none
serrieġa	sg - f - none
dissolvants	pl - none - none
settariżmu	sg - m - none
ixbra	pl - none - none
utejqa	pl - none - none
kuħħala	sg - f - none
ħaddan	sg - m - none
andri	sg - f - none
seklu	sg - m - none
mitqla	sg - f - none
tifwiqa	sg - f - none
alternattiv	sg - m - none
diżastri	pl - m - none
miċċa	sg - f - none
platti	pl - m - none
emiena	sg - f - none
ekoloġika	sg - f - none
tibetani	pl - none - none
pxiepex	pl - none - none
tberbiq	sg - m - none
tixwix	sg - m - none
kgħajkiet	pl - none - comparative
qabbadi	sg - m - none
demografiċi	pl - none - none
dixxiplu	sg - m - none
tbejgħat	pl - none - none
dqajqa	sg - f - none
batuta	sg - f - none
kuluriti	pl - none - none
molla	sg - f - none
industrijali	none - none - none
zappapija	pl - none - none
ħrim	sg - m - none
faħħalin	pl - none - none
ħarratin	pl - none - none
busajjieda	pl - none - none
leġislazzjonijiet	pl - none - none
ħafiet	pl - none - none
libbri	pl - none - none
taħbiż	sg - m - none
kilogrammi	pl - none - none
żafżif	coll - m - none
ġlekk	sg - m - none
tħatif	sg - m - none
tfissida	sg - f - none
saqwi	sg - m - none
titjiba	sg - f - none
ambjentali	none - none - none
sejjibin	pl - none - none
ċapċipa	sg - f - none
geżżiet	pl - none - none
vilel	pl - none - none
plastiku	sg - m - none
sarriera	pl - none - none
dniefel	pl - none - none
kissirija	sg - f - none
nadifa	sg - f - none
segwita	sg - f - none
tfejjiq	sg - m - none
kruż	sg - m - none
lanżit	coll - m - none
pubblikazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
ħanxu	sg - m - none
qaddibin	pl - none - none
mejjilin	pl - none - none
daqstant	none - none - none
waqwieqa	sg - f - none
sotterran	sg - m - none
ħamħim	sg - m - none
intuwizzjonijiet	pl - none - none
fottitur	sg - m - none
swajfiet	pl - none - none
fama	sg - f - none
iżraeljan	sg - m - none
tafjiet	pl - none - none
difniet	pl - none - none
żebbuġtejn	dl - none - none
xaħmi	sg - m - none
xemnieqa	sg - f - none
tikriha	sg - f - none
kwalità	sg - f - none
att	sg - m - none
dabbara	sg - f - none
isdqa	pl - none - none
kontemporanju	sg - m - none
tagħrixa	sg - f - none
berriqin	pl - none - none
taħwifa	sg - f - none
ġemmidija	sg - f - none
msejknin	pl - none - none
qriba	none - f - none
tqabiża	sg - f - none
ikkonfermat	sg - m - none
serrieqi	sg - m - none
ġmejgħa	sg - f - diminutive
ġarradin	pl - none - none
sellum	sg - m - none
kontrolli	pl - m - none
diskussjonijiet	pl - f - none
kulleġġi	pl - m - none
direttivi	pl - f - none
invażivi	pl - none - none
taħqir	sg - m - none
tinħil	sg - m - none
senswali	sg - f - none
pedagoġiku	sg - m - none
sinjorini	pl - none - none
pożati	pl - none - none
mluħa	sg - f - none
tmekkiħa	sg - f - none
qratas	pl - none - none
berbiqin	pl - none - none
tiswiq	sg - m - none
bizzilla	sg - f - none
mniefes	pl - none - none
sitbelts	pl - none - none
tertuxin	pl - none - none
tibdida	sg - f - none
andar	sg - m - none
snajpers	pl - none - none
twerriqa	sg - f - none
tnelliħa	sg - f - none
xempji	pl - none - none
injezzjonijiet	pl - none - none
nemla	sg - f - none
żrajbuniet	pl - none - none
vantaġġjużi	pl - none - none
btieħi	pl - none - none
gerfixin	pl - none - none
ħanniexa	sg - f - none
laqqigħija	sg - f - none
tixjif	sg - m - none
aħbar	sg - f - none
nagħġija	pl - none - none
storiċi	pl - none - none
iskoperti	pl - f - none
fjura	sg - f - none
atleti	pl - none - none
teħid	sg - m - none
għemil	sg - m - none
qbejla	sg - f - none
aspirina	sg - f - none
mħadar	pl - none - none
beżbiżin	pl - none - none
poetiku	sg - m - none
pellegrina	sg - f - none
ottomani	pl - none - none
semitiku	sg - m - none
webbiela	sg - f - none
kontenuti	pl - m - none
żebbied	sg - m - none
tħatifa	sg - f - none
qattara	sg - f - none
saqwija	sg - f - none
tbagħtir	sg - m - none
qandilija	pl - none - none
ħarrabiet	pl - none - none
semmien	sg - m - none
tbażżira	sg - f - none
awstraljani	pl - none - none
żaqżiqija	pl - none - none
ħsejba	sg - f - diminutive
apatiji	pl - none - none
masklu	sg - m - none
saħħabija	pl - none - none
frenżi	pl - none - none
viljakka	pl - none - none
tbergħid	sg - m - none
figura	sg - f - none
rampiela	pl - none - none
naħlin	pl - none - none
tawwat	sg - m - none
emikranji	pl - none - none
għaks	sg - m - none
ħaddana	sg - f - none
bilblin	pl - none - none
ċirasa	sg - f - none
pixkieri	pl - none - none
qarrasin	pl - none - none
konsultazzjoni	sg - f - none
indirizzati	pl - none - none
sahharin	pl - none - none
sadd	sg - m - none
tmesliħ	coll - m - none
qasqasija	sg - f - none
konċetti	pl - none - none
sabbata	sg - f - none
pesisi	pl - none - none
żliġiet	pl - none - none
tabbal	sg - m - none
sħana	sg - f - none
daqduqiet	pl - none - none
baqqarin	pl - none - none
jassari	sg - m - none
tawwalija	sg - f - none
purganti	sg - f - none
tiżqiqa	sg - f - none
widdieba	sg - f - none
żwejjeġ	sg - m - none
qaxxarin	pl - none - none
ħġib	sg - m - none
tamtil	sg - m - none
sajjidija	sg - f - none
kariżmatika	sg - f - none
inġust	sg - m - none
herrej	sg - m - none
tabbala	sg - f - none
nifdiet	pl - none - none
animatur	sg - m - none
żejtija	sg - f - none
enċiklopediċi	pl - none - none
ċara	sg - f - none
armarju	sg - m - none
ġibdiet	pl - none - none
tarġiet	pl - none - none
sekli	pl - m - none
qwiliet	pl - none - none
arloġġi	pl - none - none
meħba	sg - f - none
Spanjol	sg - m - none
dottorati	pl - none - none
tinqijiet	pl - none - none
Griega	sg - f - none
ittri	pl - f - none
kirja	sg - f - none
warradin	pl - none - none
setħa	sg - f - none
glandoli	pl - none - none
żaqżiq	coll - m - none
frekwenza	sg - f - none
tfekkika	sg - f - none
ġeddied	sg - m - none
ħrafa	sg - f - none
tixtir	sg - m - none
fetfieta	sg - f - none
mistħi	sg - m - none
sawmiena	pl - none - none
xitanoloġija	sg - f - none
eżatta	sg - f - none
fondoq	sg - m - none
tisfiriet	pl - none - none
ħawjiet	pl - none - none
ħjiena	sg - f - none
żakkir	sg - m - none
għawġ	sg - m - none
faħħamin	pl - none - none
raba'	sg - m - none
neffiħin	pl - none - none
saflinin	pl - none - none
apert	sg - m - none
tisħin	sg - m - none
qarda	sg - f - none
kantanta	sg - f - none
mili	pl - m - none
saħna	sg - f - none
miżegħdiet	pl - none - none
biċċier	sg - m - none
adult	sg - m - none
żawwala	sg - f - none
tehmima	sg - f - none
gidbiet	pl - none - none
tkeddida	sg - f - none
tkittif	sg - m - none
tgħajjita	sg - f - none
fixkla	sg - f - none
sandliet	pl - none - none
tisrifa	sg - f - none
ulied	pl - none - none
tifdila	sg - f - none
tħarbixa	sg - f - none
wellidija	sg - f - none
sidra	sg - f - none
sibbiena	pl - none - none
ħmira	sg - f - none
maħbubin	pl - none - none
sriema	pl - none - none
lanżita	sg - f - none
bettieħ	sg - m - none
heddiema	sg - f - none
nehied	sg - m - none
kontribuzzjonijiet	pl - f - none
eminin	pl - none - none
ħakkiema	sg - f - none
tħaxxin	sg - m - none
niżliet	pl - none - none
xili	sg - m - none
maqdarija	sg - f - none
fakkari	sg - m - none
islamika	sg - f - none
ħattitin	pl - none - none
taħżiża	sg - f - none
miżura	sg - f - none
qamqum	none - m - none
saff	sg - m - none
pożizzjonati	pl - none - none
taħrima	sg - f - none
Qriema	pl - none - none
fatra	sg - f - none
tabella	sg - f - none
fawwariet	pl - none - none
sapnatura	sg - f - none
dexxixin	pl - none - none
wegħied	sg - m - none
maġik	sg - m - none
taħbiża	sg - f - none
żatat	none - none - none
interpretat	sg - m - none
ħemmidija	sg - f - none
mġiba	sg - f - none
vinċti	pl - none - none
żingu	sg - m - none
tnawwir	sg - m - none
tbegħid	sg - m - none
saħħabija	pl - none - none
dinamika	sg - f - none
aranċata	sg - f - none
tibħira	sg - f - none
qiegħed	sg - m - none
tqardin	coll - m - none
ġennibin	pl - none - none
xenxil	sg - m - none
sanniena	pl - none - none
telespettatura	sg - f - none
taħrir	sg - m - none
qamsa	sg - f - none
zikketta	sg - f - none
bhejmiet	pl - none - none
purpajn	coll - m - none
titrixa	sg - f - none
prepożizzjoni	sg - f - none
sehi	sg - m - none
zappaturi	pl - none - none
pixkerija	sg - f - none
ħeġġimin	pl - none - none
antibijotika	sg - f - none
qammatija	pl - none - none
navi	pl - none - none
faħħama	sg - f - none
vleġġa	sg - f - none
ħdim	sg - m - none
figolli	pl - none - none
żugraga	sg - f - none
fellikija	sg - f - none
salvaġġ	sg - m - none
dewwieb	sg - m - none
għatxana	pl - none - none
lamti	pl - none - none
ġejjibin	pl - none - none
lanġasija	pl - none - none
kompetizzjonijiet	pl - f - none
lexxun	sg - m - none
teknoloġija	sg - f - none
serħ	sg - m - none
kompliċitajiet	pl - none - none
taħsila	sg - f - none
xegħit	sg - m - none
tisfila	sg - f - none
estradizzjonijiet	pl - f - none
tnegħima	sg - f - none
xaqliban	sg - m - none
ġhież	sg - m - none
briganti	pl - none - none
tiben	coll - none - none
sieħba	sg - f - none
Qriema	pl - none - none
senserija	coll - f - none
integrazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
sangit	coll - m - none
qasbija	sg - f - none
stejdjum	sg - m - none
ktieli	pl - none - none
fjamminga	sg - f - none
dhejnin	pl - none - none
ferċiħija	sg - f - none
provdut	sg - m - none
impjiegi	pl - m - none
ħlewwiet	pl - none - none
demmija	sg - f - none
tgeddis	sg - m - none
għaksa	sg - f - none
elaborat	sg - m - none
evidenti	pl - none - none
sammin	pl - none - none
interventi	pl - m - none
eroj	sg - f - none
tpexpix	coll - m - none
żahrija	sg - f - none
mżużi	sg - m - none
najjarin	pl - none - none
ħamri	sg - m - none
mrawwma	sg - f - none
dentieri	pl - none - none
hellilin	pl - none - none
ħaxximin	pl - none - none
klerikali	none - none - none
dendiela	sg - f - none
bandituri	pl - none - none
nassabin	pl - none - none
mifles	sg - m - none
grafika	sg - f - none
proklamat	sg - m - none
masħiet	pl - none - none
balbiel	sg - m - none
imperaturi	pl - m - none
ajul	pl - none - none
tewwikija	sg - f - none
kirurgu	sg - m - none
sajjieda	pl - none - none
kerrieha	sg - f - none
ċiek	sg - m - none
mċaqlaq	sg - m - none
tberbixa	sg - f - none
tranġita	sg - f - none
reġistrata	sg - f - none
maqdarin	pl - none - none
tfissira	sg - f - none
moxt	sg - m - none
dħaħen	pl - none - none
ingrata	sg - f - none
daqqaqa	pl - none - none
beżżilija	sg - f - none
matematiċi	pl - none - none
nittuf	sg - m - none
prezzjuż	sg - m - none
fabbriki	pl - f - none
xerq	sg - m - none
meżmiżija	pl - none - none
għeruq	pl - none - none
tornati	pl - none - none
sebħ	sg - m - none
tenfiexi	sg - m - none
ġmiemen	pl - none - none
sekkinija	sg - f - none
Qormi	sg - m - none
tisjil	sg - m - none
buttuna	sg - f - none
tribut	sg - m - none
ċinga	sg - f - none
ikexkxu	pl - none - none
sorġitur	sg - m - none
dabra	sg - f - none
xemgħa	sg - f - none
faħħarin	pl - none - none
ħruq	sg - m - none
tibżiq	sg - m - none
ballatin	pl - none - none
sibkiet	pl - none - none
tfulija	pl - none - none
seksik	coll - m - none
isħra	pl - none - none
weżwieżi	sg - m - none
nifs	sg - m - none
vjolazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
ġilji	pl - none - none
taħsila	sg - f - none
milqut	sg - m - none
dranaġġ	sg - m - none
karawett	sg - m - none
rampiel	sg - m - none
neżżiegħa	pl - none - none
kanti	pl - none - none
qawri	sg - m - none
żardiet	pl - none - none
meħbiet	pl - none - none
ortodossi	pl - none - none
bajjiet	pl - none - none
eskursjonijiet	pl - none - none
ċajt	coll - none - none
xikk	sg - f - none
soċjoloġika	sg - f - none
friefet	pl - none - none
ħabbarin	pl - none - none
sibbikija	pl - none - none
ġenituri	pl - none - none
katnazzi	pl - none - none
simpatiku	sg - m - none
wellidija	pl - none - none
żinja	sg - f - none
televotazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
gerfix	sg - m - none
tirreferew	none - none - none
merk	sg - m - none
suttani	pl - none - none
tisbiħ	sg - m - none
stramb	sg - m - none
tmeddida	sg - f - none
ambizzjużi	pl - none - none
sined	sg - m - none
wirdiniet	pl - none - none
tinfisa	sg - f - none
sinagogi	pl - none - none
qaddisin	pl - none - none
tilqita	sg - f - none
iblah	sg - m - none
midras	sg - m - none
marrara	sg - f - none
frid	sg - m - none
tagħġib	none - none - none
mħasel	pl - none - none
trasformati	pl - none - none
ħallasi	sg - m - none
mitruxa	sg - f - none
kontaġġużi	pl - none - none
ħlejjaq	pl - f - none
kwadru	sg - m - none
mirquma	sg - f - none
qabbieli	sg - m - none
tifħixa	sg - f - none
tlibbis	sg - m - none
karatteristiku	sg - m - none
kuċiniera	sg - f - none
mnifsejn	dl - none - none
kexkixija	pl - none - none
ġarrarin	pl - none - none
sakrana	sg - f - none
basket	sg - m - none
ċrum	pl - none - none
taħqiqa	sg - f - none
mtappnin	pl - none - none
żingari	pl - none - none
kantiklu	sg - m - none
tiċlisa	sg - f - none
messaġġi	pl - m - none
realtà	sg - f - none
kmajmra	sg - f - none
ziju	sg - m - none
sagħtrin	pl - none - none
nefħa	sg - f - none
kikkra	sg - f - none
gerruma	pl - none - none
xfar	pl - none - none
andrin	pl - none - none
ġwiebi	pl - none - none
injama	sg - f - none
magħtub	sg - m - none
barka	sg - f - none
xbejbiet	pl - none - diminutive
fejqanin	pl - none - none
ħanxarin	pl - none - none
qiem	sg - m - none
tejjibija	sg - f - none
ħjilija	sg - f - none
sakkar	sg - m - none
kellilin	pl - none - none
ħitan	pl - none - none
timwiġ	sg - m - none
raxkaturi	pl - none - none
xandari	sg - m - none
ħfin	sg - m - none
ħanqa	sg - f - none
tiżrigħa	sg - f - none
qejjiem	sg - m - none
mirfus	sg - m - none
estasijiet	pl - none - none
għallis	coll - none - none
kewwiesi	sg - m - none
morfoloġiku	sg - m - none
fexfixin	pl - none - none
sellieta	pl - none - none
therriż	sg - m - none
kuraġġużi	pl - none - none
żafżafija	sg - f - none
tfarwida	sg - f - none
razzjon	sg - m - none
xemgħatejn	dl - f - none
gergiera	sg - f - none
żewwieġa	sg - f - none
ħaxħiexi	sg - m - none
pretensjoni	sg - f - none
riċeviment	sg - m - none
tajbin	pl - none - none
sapunieri	pl - none - none
petputa	sg - f - none
samsim	coll - m - none
kabozzi	pl - none - none
latrini	pl - f - none
tislit	sg - m - none
ġeżżiet	pl - none - none
trattat	sg - m - none
artiċi	pl - none - none
pariġin	sg - m - none
sieq	sg - m - none
żlieqi	sg - m - none
tislima	sg - f - none
ibsin	pl - none - none
poġġuti	pl - none - none
tgħajjir	sg - m - none
furfiċetta	sg - f - none
fellisin	pl - none - none
lebbieti	sg - m - none
mirfusa	sg - f - none
saħħaqa	pl - none - none
legliga	sg - f - none
btieti	pl - none - none
fellejja	sg - f - none
għadam	coll - none - none
irlandiż	sg - m - none
dentisti	pl - none - none
bulgariżi	pl - none - none
qtan	pl - none - none
tmarrira	sg - f - none
mogħdrija	sg - f - none
ġibsija	sg - f - none
tursiniet	pl - none - none
nuqqas	sg - m - none
tħawwif	sg - m - none
tifrid	sg - m - none
kixxiefa	sg - f - none
musulmani	pl - none - none
taħbil	sg - m - none
tisbik	sg - m - none
dilettanti	pl - none - none
moqdief	sg - m - none
nissieġa	pl - none - none
dħajka	sg - f - none
tħażżima	sg - f - none
toskan	sg - m - none
ħannixin	pl - none - none
fotografiji	pl - none - none
għassiesa	pl - none - none
kbira	sg - f - none
negozji	pl - m - none
tqaħqiħ	coll - m - none
maqdar	sg - m - none
beżbiżin	pl - none - none
mfaħam	pl - none - none
baħar	sg - m - none
faqqasin	pl - none - none
tbannit	sg - m - none
tfewwiġa	sg - f - none
ħabbejja	sg - f - none
ġarb	sg - m - none
tfesfis	sg - m - none
saħniet	pl - none - none
liġġimin	pl - none - none
infettat	sg - m - none
kronoloġiċi	pl - none - none
tfellil	sg - m - none
twemmin	sg - m - none
maħżna	sg - f - none
fħulija	sg - f - none
ħaxwiet	pl - none - none
tħaxxima	sg - f - none
għajjien	sg - m - none
trux	sg - m - none
kontemporanja	sg - f - none
ħabsin	pl - none - none
qaddidija	pl - none - none
passiġġati	pl - none - none
diffiċli	none - none - none
fergħa	sg - f - none
lagħbija	sg - f - none
matbaħ	sg - m - none
geddiesi	sg - m - none
nehidin	pl - none - none
tbenġila	sg - f - none
ġannata	sg - f - none
protetti	pl - none - none
abbuż	sg - m - none
żaqqaqin	pl - none - none
telliefa	pl - none - none
xoqqi	pl - none - none
ħabqa	sg - f - none
għażla	sg - f - none
ingravajjet	pl - none - none
indifferenzi	pl - f - none
felħan	sg - m - none
povru	sg - m - none
twaħħira	sg - f - none
żviluppi	pl - m - none
żavżafa	sg - f - none
ħalġa	sg - f - none
ġerrej	sg - m - none
pulit	sg - m - none
pedament	sg - m - none
tixlil	sg - m - none
tmattira	sg - f - none
zappapija	sg - f - none
qabdiet	pl - none - none
afrikan	sg - m - none
żvizzera	sg - f - none
kiwjiet	pl - none - none
tqardina	sg - f - none
simplistiku	sg - m - none
tkejjin	sg - m - none
purpajna	sg - f - none
tisriġ	sg - m - none
pulċinell	sg - m - none
tħawwifa	sg - f - none
webbiela	pl - none - none
kronika	sg - f - none
tokok	pl - none - none
tkejjif	sg - m - none
tekil	sg - m - none
effett	sg - m - none
witi	sg - m - none
rima	sg - f - none
sangata	pl - none - none
daħla	sg - f - none
tħanfisa	sg - f - none
mogħżin	pl - none - none
żebbuġi	sg - m - none
nfida	sg - f - none
profond	sg - m - none
notturni	pl - none - none
poġġut	sg - m - none
folla	sg - f - none
ħanninija	sg - f - none
stimulanti	sg - m - none
tbarrim	sg - m - none
hellilija	sg - f - none
tuqit	sg - m - none
merriqin	pl - none - none
pretesti	pl - none - none
birra	sg - f - none
preżentatur	sg - m - none
reminixxenzi	pl - none - none
qliba	sg - f - none
biċċun	sg - m - none
tidrira	sg - f - none
żinżel	coll - none - none
musrana	sg - f - none
ħatbiet	pl - none - none
brieret	pl - none - none
tgħil	sg - m - none
ġejjibin	pl - none - none
kompetittiva	sg - f - none
libtin	pl - none - none
faħħama	sg - f - none
dmumi	sg - m - none
merilli	pl - none - none
ħarsien	sg - m - none
tirkina	none - none - none
mirbuħin	pl - none - none
artistiċi	pl - none - none
skritturi	pl - none - none
kulti	pl - m - none
trijonfaliżmi	pl - m - none
qaqoċċiet	pl - none - none
tibgħil	sg - m - none
tiben	sg - m - none
artista	sg - f - none
tajjar	coll - m - none
warrabin	pl - none - none
stejdjums	pl - none - none
ġibsi	sg - m - none
żebbuġija	sg - f - none
kojl	sg - m - none
tidwiqa	sg - f - none
telefonati	pl - none - none
passabbli	none - none - none
saqwi	sg - m - none
mżużija	sg - f - none
inkluż	sg - m - none
wegħdiet	pl - none - none
lewwej	sg - m - none
naqqarija	pl - none - none
fixkilin	pl - none - none
kostituzzjonijiet	pl - f - none
tqattir	sg - m - none
lagi	pl - none - none
esponenti	pl - m - none
maġbar	sg - m - diminutive
ħarrieġa	sg - f - none
akkademiku	sg - m - none
ewlienija	sg - f - none
briganta	sg - f - none
saħħaħi	sg - m - none
użi	pl - none - none
interessat	sg - m - none
mudlama	sg - f - none
dettaljat	sg - m - none
knatan	pl - none - none
tweġwiġa	sg - f - none
lewwieħa	sg - f - none
fqir	sg - m - none
żwejmel	sg - m - none
tbażbiża	sg - f - none
daħħakin	pl - none - none
tħarrib	sg - m - none
fażoli	pl - none - none
tonnijiet	pl - none - none
twikkil	none - none - none
tmellis	sg - m - none
bdabad	pl - none - none
aħħarin	pl - none - none
palju	sg - m - none
fiduċji	pl - none - none
skejjen	pl - none - none
għamad	sg - m - none
żibġiet	pl - none - none
denduliet	pl - none - none
ħaġġiġin	pl - none - none
teżorerija	sg - f - none
tiġsim	sg - m - none
mellejjin	pl - none - none
kruċjati	pl - none - none
nirreferew	none - none - none
żattata	pl - none - none
telfa	sg - f - none
ammess	sg - m - none
avvelenamenti	pl - m - none
perrieċi	sg - m - none
kostruzzjoni	sg - f - none
Lhudi	sg - m - none
tarraġija	sg - f - none
sabbar	sg - m - none
żrameġ	pl - none - none
skojjatli	pl - none - none
negħgħeja	pl - none - none
ħmar	sg - m - none
barrama	sg - f - none
pilota	sg - f - none
qanċieċa	sg - f - none
taħriqa	sg - f - none
qassabin	pl - none - none
ċaċċaruna	sg - f - none
wejtress	sg - f - none
faġġarija	sg - f - none
tuffaturi	pl - none - none
żarżara	pl - none - none
għibien	sg - none - none
xampus	pl - none - none
ħaxxieni	sg - m - none
ħass	coll - m - none
anarkiċi	pl - none - none
vagabonda	sg - f - none
mċarrta	sg - f - none
teftifija	sg - f - none
skrivaniji	pl - none - none
landiera	sg - f - none
elettorali	none - none - none
ażżma	pl - none - none
proġett-pilota	sg - m - none
tiswima	sg - f - none
setaħ	sg - m - none
żebbiegħa	sg - f - none
impatti	pl - m - none
tbiħa	sg - f - none
nwejxef	sg - m - diminutive
longa	sg - f - none
tidlika	sg - f - none
ikkritikat	sg - m - none
akkumpanjata	sg - f - none
ċikwejra	sg - f - none
miżrab	sg - m - none
kissieri	sg - m - none
klejjeb	sg - m - none
saffarhielu	none - m - none
temmiegħa	pl - none - none
tinwil	sg - m - none
esaġerati	pl - none - none
sirġa	sg - f - none
sawmiena	sg - f - none
sammi	pl - none - none
skultur	sg - m - none
riflessi	pl - none - none
parlamentari	none - none - none
bermuċ	sg - m - none
qandiela	sg - f - none
lenbubin	pl - none - none
sfurzat	sg - m - none
sploduta	sg - f - none
naħħarin	pl - none - none
kixxifin	pl - none - none
ħwawar	pl - none - none
tifqis	sg - m - none
naplitani	pl - none - none
qejjiesi	sg - m - none
bożnijaku	sg - m - none
marsupjali	pl - m - none
sejjifin	pl - none - none
swat	pl - none - none
polzi	pl - none - none
żabbara	sg - f - none
borża	sg - f - none
taħbila	sg - f - none
tmegħika	sg - f - none
parlatorju	sg - m - none
kristalli	pl - none - none
moħġaġ	sg - m - none
ħanħanin	pl - none - none
pastażuna	pl - none - none
bewsa	sg - f - none
krataċ	pl - none - none
ħarbata	sg - f - none
blatiet	pl - f - none
skartoċċ	sg - m - none
mezza	sg - f - none
injoranza	sg - f - none
taqrin	sg - m - none
tismima	sg - f - none
beżżiel	sg - m - none
meruża	sg - f - none
ranġatura	sg - f - none
żerrigħija	pl - none - none
krikk	sg - m - none
lebbitija	sg - f - none
baħħatija	sg - f - none
żabbar	sg - m - none
każajri	sg - m - none
ferkun	sg - m - none
skoperti	pl - none - none
ħaxxixin	pl - none - none
tilwiħ	sg - m - none
qawwar	sg - m - none
tħammil	sg - m - none
opportunitajiet	pl - f - none
brodijiet	pl - none - none
emiena	pl - none - none
varjabbli	none - none - none
offerta	sg - f - none
sinfonija	sg - f - none
impalpabbli	none - none - none
tismigħ	sg - m - none
daqqasin	pl - none - none
tħarriba	sg - f - none
sterlini	pl - none - none
ċiviltajiet	pl - f - none
qrid	sg - m - none
buġimgħa	sg - f - none
tlexxina	sg - f - none
girfiet	pl - none - none
oqbra	pl - none - none
żewwiqija	pl - none - none
sloveni	pl - none - none
ħassa	sg - f - none
ħarrajjiet	pl - none - none
tfaħħila	sg - f - none
persjajjen	pl - none - none
gamblu	sg - m - none
xuttijiet	pl - m - none
nħir	sg - m - none
kampanjol	sg - m - none
salvataġġi	pl - none - none
mċempla	sg - f - none
tarraġin	pl - none - none
professjonisti	pl - none - none
fajdin	pl - none - none
wita	sg - f - none
żeffieta	sg - f - none
mgerrxin	pl - none - none
tikjila	sg - f - none
erruri	pl - none - none
qniefed	pl - none - none
birwin	coll - m - none
atei	pl - none - none
qbiela	sg - f - none
ontoloġika	sg - f - none
kbajra	sg - f - diminutive
strateġiċi	pl - none - none
pastaża	sg - f - none
july	sg - m - none
iebes	sg - m - none
tqarris	none - none - none
injamiet	pl - none - none
eħxen	none - none - comparative
tkexkixiet	pl - none - none
attakki	pl - m - none
tiżnid	sg - m - none
għażiż	sg - m - none
lehġa	sg - f - none
deffisin	pl - none - none
tifqigħa	sg - f - none
ċriev	pl - none - none
ħaxxiemi	sg - m - none
naqqarija	pl - none - none
dbiba	sg - f - none
baħħar	sg - m - none
maqra	sg - f - none
deffiena	sg - f - none
mkebba	sg - f - none
najjarija	pl - none - none
botnin	pl - none - none
żabbarija	pl - none - none
sabri	sg - m - none
sarraġija	sg - f - none
tnemmixa	sg - f - none
tiftiħa	sg - f - none
taħdina	sg - f - none
lokalitajiet	pl - f - none
maħleġ	sg - m - none
tobbiji	pl - none - none
ċagħkiet	pl - none - none
ċaqċiqiet	pl - none - none
ċarrata	sg - f - none
qoxriet	pl - none - none
leġġ	sg - m - none
irreferejtx	none - none - none
stalletti	pl - none - none
maħżnu	sg - m - none
ġehież	sg - m - none
nodfa	pl - none - none
tammasin	pl - none - none
tagħdil	sg - m - none
fettul	sg - m - none
ġelludi	sg - m - none
mrejżba	sg - f - none
ħġur	pl - none - none
qaxqaxin	pl - none - none
żemmilin	pl - none - none
taħdima	sg - f - none
tlaqqixa	sg - f - none
naqqax	sg - m - none
wiża'	coll - none - none
prolifiċi	pl - none - none
sokor	sg - m - none
żambur	coll - m - none
maħżniera	pl - none - none
żejjinija	pl - none - none
telqiniet	pl - none - none
derries	sg - m - none
tparpin	sg - m - none
dagħdiegħ	sg - m - none
newwiħija	sg - f - none
għagħa	sg - m - none
timgħid	sg - m - none
slipper	sg - m - none
varjant	sg - m - none
naturi	pl - f - none
strateġiku	sg - m - none
taqqalin	pl - none - none
tħendim	none - none - none
beżgħanija	sg - f - none
sgħajliet	pl - none - none
attribwit	sg - m - none
siti	pl - m - none
bbażata	sg - f - none
qattar	sg - m - none
żerżiqin	pl - none - none
tisrid	sg - m - none
teptipija	pl - none - none
qaddiemi	sg - m - none
saqsieq	sg - m - none
żattatija	sg - f - none
bluhija	sg - f - none
dagħdigħija	sg - f - none
ħaxkinin	pl - none - none
Żwieten	pl - none - none
tfehima	sg - f - none
belliqin	pl - none - none
qtajtiet	pl - none - none
dgħajjes	pl - none - none
għodwa	sg - f - none
infedeltà	sg - f - none
neħħejjin	pl - none - none
swiċċ	sg - m - none
sbik	sg - m - none
żarmatura	sg - f - none
mewwieta	sg - f - none
plaggs	pl - none - none
ħannieki	sg - m - none
tidrija	sg - f - none
moħġaġa	pl - none - none
nuffata	sg - f - none
twetija	sg - f - none
sottofamilji	pl - f - none
sorpriżi	pl - none - none
dejjien	sg - m - none
espressiva	sg - f - none
semmiema	sg - f - none
paċpaċija	pl - none - none
kerrej	sg - m - none
ħaqqieqi	sg - m - none
tmanwil	coll - m - none
werrieta	pl - none - none
mustadiet	pl - none - none
kliniċi	pl - none - none
intelliġenti	sg - f - none
falzità	sg - f - none
slielem	pl - none - none
nkiħ	none - none - none
maħmieħa	sg - f - none
ħabbarin	pl - none - none
ġemmieli	sg - m - none
żagżagi	sg - m - none
suffejri	pl - none - none
vendikattivi	pl - none - none
qaddieda	sg - f - none
frugħiji	pl - none - none
tqaħħita	sg - f - none
skuters	pl - none - none
tokka	sg - f - none
xark	sg - none - none
derivata	sg - f - none
mħassbin	pl - none - none
maħmuġ	sg - m - none
bajtar	coll - m - none
waqtijiet	pl - none - none
tiżgħid	sg - m - none
barbetti	pl - none - none
tħeġġiġ	sg - m - none
ikkritikata	sg - f - none
beltin	pl - none - none
dinastiji	pl - none - none
konċiż	sg - m - none
qalliegħa	sg - f - none
tqawwis	sg - m - none
ċajparin	pl - none - none
foġoġ	pl - none - none
attivisti	pl - m - none
werriet	sg - m - none
taħbita	sg - f - none
paċifikazzjoni	sg - f - none
germidin	pl - none - none
tifġir	sg - m - none
lewwimija	sg - f - none
superordni	sg - f - none
tixwik	sg - m - none
sieħja	pl - none - none
faddala	sg - f - none
għawm	sg - m - none
pornografiku	sg - m - none
tqalfita	sg - f - none
tertuqa	sg - f - none
brieqex	pl - none - none
tlabbira	sg - f - none
hewdien	sg - m - none
tbaħħita	sg - f - none
fwiewaħ	pl - none - none
relatata	sg - f - none
tnabbir	none - none - none
waħxi	sg - m - none
żanżanija	pl - none - none
tewwieta	sg - f - none
saħħana	pl - none - none
żammarija	sg - f - none
faqqiegħa	sg - f - none
mtil	sg - m - none
skompartimenti	pl - none - none
karbana	sg - f - none
tfertila	sg - f - none
ġaħġieħ	sg - m - none
qarrimin	pl - none - none
ġaħġiħ	sg - m - none
każajra	sg - f - none
mabrada	sg - f - none
mixtla	sg - f - none
semmimin	pl - none - none
tagħtib	sg - m - none
lingwistiċi	pl - none - none
nattaħin	pl - none - none
tagħżiż	sg - m - none
dirgħajn	pl - m - none
muletta	sg - f - none
għarwenin	pl - none - none
semmiegħa	pl - none - none
irreferejtu	none - none - none
riċevuta	sg - f - none
tperċiħ	coll - m - none
martellini	pl - none - none
kwistjonijiet	pl - f - none
ħsad	sg - m - none
kullar	sg - m - none
tħalliqa	sg - f - none
pipata	sg - f - none
gerwiel	sg - m - none
qammatin	pl - none - none
traf	pl - none - none
ħsejjes	pl - none - none
dnub	pl - none - none
tibsira	sg - f - none
dehriet	pl - none - none
ċikkulajjet	pl - none - none
tisjiħa	sg - f - none
leqqa	sg - m - none
tiżgħir	sg - m - none
nassasin	pl - none - none
wettiqija	sg - f - none
nejba	sg - f - none
mardiet	pl - none - none
akkwatika	sg - f - none
faċċata	sg - f - none
kwalifikati	pl - none - none
wasta	sg - f - none
għallis	sg - m - none
dirett	sg - m - none
waħħala	sg - f - none
żegligija	pl - none - none
tidjiq	none - none - none
kruhata	sg - f - none
tnaffira	sg - f - none
heżżieża	sg - f - none
kustilji	pl - none - none
qasdarin	pl - none - none
spraġ	coll - none - none
żġiġija	pl - none - none
pnatar	pl - none - none
qargħija	pl - none - none
ħafi	sg - m - none
offerti	pl - f - none
banditura	sg - f - none
summien	coll - none - none
nadra	sg - f - none
namriċes	sg - m - none
mħassar	sg - m - none
bexkiel	sg - m - none
kotra	sg - f - none
immigrant	sg - m - none
ħars	sg - m - none
rifjutati	pl - none - none
mrejżaq	sg - m - none
rappreżentazzjoni	sg - f - none
ħalliel	sg - m - none
organiku	sg - m - none
beżżieq	sg - m - none
bagalji	pl - none - none
ħafjin	pl - none - none
qawriet	pl - none - none
safranija	sg - f - none
tħaxkin	sg - m - none
garr	sg - m - none
tibnin	sg - m - none
grejvi	sg - m - none
miċeċ	pl - none - none
tifsiriet	pl - none - none
qomra	pl - none - none
ġewħan	sg - m - none
tħabbisa	sg - f - none
xotta	sg - f - none
sibjiet	pl - none - none
ċwieċ	pl - none - none
kappell	sg - m - none
żengilija	pl - none - none
prominenti	sg - f - none
tammarija	sg - f - none
qassata	pl - none - none
qlib	sg - m - none
qarras	sg - m - none
lajmiet	pl - none - none
leħħ	sg - m - none
tewwiet	sg - m - none
tħarbit	sg - m - none
senswali	sg - m - none
għarbi	sg - m - none
serriqin	pl - none - none
xlokk	sg - m - none
webbinin	pl - none - none
fessejjin	pl - none - none
relegazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
tberrid	sg - m - none
bażriet	pl - none - none
sawwaba	pl - none - none
kompetenza	sg - f - none
fixkieli	sg - m - none
bagħda	sg - f - none
salott	sg - m - none
ġebbisin	pl - none - none
ċniepel	pl - none - none
nwar	pl - none - none
angolu	sg - m - none
maqdarija	pl - none - none
torbiċija	sg - f - none
smura	none - m - none
qażżiżija	sg - f - none
imposta	sg - f - none
sanzjonati	pl - none - none
laqqaxija	sg - f - none
daqqaqija	sg - f - none
bokkla	sg - f - none
titbiq	sg - m - none
qallieba	sg - f - none
popolarità	sg - f - none
espressi	pl - none - none
promozzjoni	sg - f - none
mfierex	pl - none - none
kompożizzjonijiet	pl - f - none
ħarrieġa	sg - f - none
gliegel	pl - none - none
prekawzjoni	sg - f - none
tħassiba	sg - f - none
tektikija	pl - none - none
mqajes	pl - none - none
papri	pl - none - none
girfiet	pl - none - none
qantar	sg - m - none
bewwieli	sg - m - none
ċagħqijiet	pl - none - none
rixtiel	sg - m - none
ġabriet	pl - none - none
tanbarija	pl - none - none
tixerts	pl - none - none
nisel	sg - m - none
somom	pl - none - none
ċorma	sg - f - none
festival	sg - m - none
drajba	sg - f - none
gotika	sg - f - none
seqrin	pl - none - none
qandul	sg - m - none
maggs	pl - none - none
niffiexa	none - f - none
marrara	sg - f - none
taħrira	sg - f - none
qaddisin	pl - none - none
zerzur	sg - m - none
qargħa	sg - f - none
bolonjiżi	pl - none - none
fondazzjoni	sg - f - none
siġar	pl - none - none
xermidin	pl - none - none
qajjiema	pl - none - none
tinkit	sg - m - none
baċiri	pl - none - none
kaboċċa	sg - f - none
miblul	sg - m - none
falz	sg - m - none
protettiva	sg - f - none
paċoċċu	sg - m - none
mopp	sg - m - none
xappapa	pl - none - none
kieri	sg - m - none
sejjiefi	sg - m - none
pittma	sg - f - none
qargħija	sg - f - none
skabbji	pl - none - none
tajba	sg - f - none
qawrija	sg - f - none
tweġwiġ	coll - m - none
delitti	pl - none - none
tħaddira	sg - f - none
ikkupjati	pl - none - none
dewwieda	sg - f - none
ġenba	sg - f - none
attivati	pl - none - none
battala	sg - f - none
saqjiet	pl - none - none
tentina	sg - f - none
tidwil	sg - m - none
ibbliċjat	sg - m - none
tirhina	sg - f - none
bewwieqi	sg - m - none
ġugarell	sg - m - none
ħarriġija	sg - f - none
mgerrxa	sg - f - none
awstraljana	sg - f - none
ħaxħixija	sg - f - none
qaċċati	sg - m - none
wessieq	sg - m - none
ħżużi	sg - f - none
dottorali	sg - m - none
ogħla	none - none - comparative
ingwanti	coll - none - none
salamun	sg - m - none
taħtiba	sg - f - none
monasteru	sg - m - none
ħejjibin	pl - none - none
ħotbin	pl - none - none
tattiki	pl - none - none
vapurett	sg - m - none
tiċliq	sg - m - none
nassar	sg - m - none
wardija	sg - f - none
tbenċil	sg - m - none
ħakkieki	sg - m - none
kejd	sg - m - none
qaffiela	sg - f - none
ħanina	sg - f - none
xutt	sg - m - none
żarradin	pl - none - none
artrite	sg - f - none
pariġin	sg - m - none
ġlata	sg - f - none
mużika	sg - f - none
taktir	sg - m - none
etiċi	pl - none - none
ċuċuna	sg - f - none
ċarissima	sg - f - none
tmerżiq	coll - m - none
gwidi	pl - none - none
mirkubin	pl - none - none
atomu	sg - m - none
kewtieli	sg - m - none
indiretta	sg - f - none
newwiħin	pl - none - none
xxamplati	pl - none - none
kuxins	pl - none - none
ħaffier	sg - m - none
naħħarija	sg - f - none
temi	pl - f - none
maqtiet	pl - none - none
traditur	sg - m - none
martellatur	sg - m - none
tibriħa	sg - f - none
rawndebawts	pl - none - none
dejjinin	pl - none - none
deputat	sg - m - none
ħallieqa	sg - f - none
barraxija	sg - f - none
ċinema	sg - f - none
ħafuriet	pl - none - none
nikkieta	pl - none - none
għenba	sg - f - none
firdiet	pl - none - none
mlusija	sg - f - none
semmiemi	sg - m - none
motivazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
sħiq	sg - m - none
maqrut	sg - m - none
ħrif	sg - m - none
nekkejja	sg - f - none
qabdtejn	dl - m - none
satrana	sg - f - none
tebbikija	sg - f - none
tmiem	pl - none - none
alluċinazzjonijiet	pl - none - none
qanfiedi	sg - m - none
miġi	sg - m - none
xufiera	sg - f - none
deffiena	pl - none - none
tbexbix	sg - m - none
mżerżaq	sg - m - none
żgħid	sg - m - none
nawwarija	sg - f - none
saqsieqa	pl - none - none
gerriefa	sg - f - none
pettne	sg - m - none
sfurzata	sg - f - none
niedja	sg - f - none
ċuċija	sg - f - none
żebgħat	pl - none - none
kakkaj	sg - m - none
ħassadi	sg - m - none
debbieri	sg - m - none
ħatma	sg - f - none
tifriq	sg - m - none
territorji	pl - m - none
mineral	sg - m - none
raġġi	pl - none - none
xermid	sg - m - none
tmarrida	sg - f - none
liwji	pl - none - none
attività	sg - f - none
taqdim	sg - m - none
matbgħa	sg - none - none
tismin	sg - m - none
bajda	sg - f - none
saqwin	pl - none - none
tinfis	sg - m - none
tħattin	sg - m - none
qbil	sg - m - none
naqqarija	sg - f - none
kartuna	sg - f - none
tifsiqa	sg - f - none
loġistika	sg - f - none
ewropej	pl - none - none
verifikata	sg - f - none
futuristiċi	pl - none - none
tennejja	pl - none - none
sallab	sg - m - none
ħalbiet	pl - none - none
prun	pl - none - none
briks	coll - none - none
wajer	sg - m - none
kittien	sg - m - none
ħejjimin	pl - none - none
larinġa	sg - f - none
qargħi	sg - m - none
kurrenti	pl - m - none
ġerrejja	sg - f - none
pirjid	sg - m - none
l-istess	sg - m - none
sellieti	sg - m - none
tiġrija	sg - f - none
tusigħ	sg - m - none
april	sg - m - none
semm	sg - m - none
dammimin	pl - none - none
xewliħa	sg - f - none
ajkli	pl - none - none
bassarin	pl - none - none
pożizzjonijiet	pl - f - none
seflin	pl - none - none
ħaqqiqija	sg - f - none
regolari	none - none - none
felfuli	sg - m - none
modest	sg - m - none
terribli	sg - m - none
tbeżlik	sg - m - none
kannamiela	coll - f - none
tanburini	pl - none - none
għażżiela	sg - f - none
kerrejja	sg - f - none
żelaq	sg - m - none
bierda	sg - f - none
kelbunazza	sg - f - none
refuġji	pl - none - none
kissirin	pl - none - none
tbassir	sg - m - none
smida	sg - f - none
definizzjonijiet	pl - f - none
settarju	sg - m - none
limi	sg - m - none
leħji	pl - none - none
musfarin	pl - none - none
tibrika	sg - f - none
udjenza	sg - f - none
ħarriefi	sg - m - none
titħita	sg - f - none
fastidju	sg - m - none
tiġmira	sg - f - none
offensiva	sg - f - none
sħajnin	pl - none - none
nemxija	pl - none - none
ditturi	pl - none - none
terrieħa	sg - f - none
qħab	pl - none - none
sarsara	sg - f - none
bebbux	coll - none - none
għalliela	pl - none - none
warrada	pl - none - none
ħemda	sg - f - none
rettriċi	sg - f - none
kanċers	pl - none - none
tleqqija	sg - f - none
viċina	sg - f - none
tributi	pl - none - none
adulterji	pl - none - none
klejma	sg - f - diminutive
sibbien	sg - m - none
tfajjel	sg - m - none
xjentifiċi	pl - none - none
taqsiriet	pl - none - none
ħarrati	sg - m - none
bajdu	sg - m - none
mistagħġbin	pl - none - none
essenzjali	none - none - none
koreani	pl - none - none
settarja	sg - f - none
gdejdem	sg - m - none
gerrixin	pl - none - none
interpretata	sg - f - none
tikuż	sg - m - none
rmiel	pl - none - none
laxk	sg - m - none
mwejjed	pl - none - none
direttiva	sg - f - none
mabqar	sg - m - none
pikniks	pl - none - none
qaddimin	pl - none - none
mertqux	coll - m - none
qsajra	sg - f - none
mudullun	sg - m - none
tħattib	sg - m - none
mħabbat	sg - m - none
qamrija	pl - none - none
nomofobija	sg - f - none
relazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
vulkan	sg - m - none
wiġġieba	pl - none - none
żvolġimenti	pl - none - none
farrad	sg - m - none
tqanċiċ	coll - m - none
vażun	sg - m - none
depożiti	pl - none - none
qbieli	pl - none - none
tbissim	sg - m - none
nemmisin	pl - none - none
mdennsa	sg - f - none
merkanti	pl - none - none
ħqir	sg - m - none
veleni	pl - none - none
xwieni	pl - none - none
żaddama	sg - f - none
derriesi	sg - m - none
utiq	sg - m - none
wisa'	none - m - none
kawlati	pl - none - none
saħħan	sg - m - none
ħarġiet	pl - none - none
mħażżnin	pl - none - none
jonika	sg - f - none
tebbieħa	pl - none - none
Taljani	pl - m - none
nisjin	pl - f - none
aniżi	sg - m - none
tkebbis	sg - m - none
basar	sg - m - none
qanċiċin	pl - none - none
tqarċila	sg - f - none
belt	sg - f - none
Ċiniż	sg - m - none
naspli	sg - m - none
ħorn	sg - m - none
invinċibbli	none - none - none
falsifikament	sg - m - none
ċiċċa	sg - f - none
taqfila	sg - f - none
ħabbieb	sg - m - none
aċċessorju	sg - f - none
astronomiċi	pl - none - none
relativistiċi	pl - none - none
tagħanijiet	pl - none - none
ċkunija	sg - f - none
isqfa	pl - none - none
seqrija	sg - f - none
tqaxxira	sg - f - none
taħmiġa	sg - f - none
ħammarin	pl - none - none
intrinsiċi	pl - none - none
referendumi	pl - m - none
imqaddesi	pl - none - none
tellitija	sg - f - none
twerriq	sg - m - none
żerrikin	pl - none - none
żtut	pl - none - none
xermudin	pl - none - none
ċagħqi	sg - m - none
interpretati	pl - none - none
ħlusi	sg - m - none
majjistri	pl - none - none
taħtit	none - none - none
linef	pl - none - none
superstizzjonijiet	pl - f - none
żrinġijiet	pl - m - none
leflifa	sg - f - none
tiswif	sg - m - none
mitoloġika	sg - f - none
qattiegħa	pl - none - none
użat	sg - m - none
plastiċi	pl - none - none
televiżjoni	sg - f - none
tertira	sg - f - none
ħażżiżin	pl - none - none
xenxilin	pl - none - none
tqal	pl - none - none
mikbes	sg - m - none
nitfa	sg - f - none
kċina	sg - f - none
darrasija	sg - f - none
kwadra	sg - f - none
ulidiet	pl - none - none
pipì	coll - f - none
ħettifija	sg - f - none
ġurnalistika	sg - f - none
vetrina	sg - f - none
waħħara	pl - none - none
żejjinin	pl - none - none
artikolazzjonijiet	pl - none - none
heżżiet	pl - none - none
mosħaħa	pl - none - none
mwieled	sg - m - none
tagħwiġa	sg - f - none
programmatiku	sg - m - none
tleffif	sg - m - none
taħjir	none - none - none
ħwejjel	sg - m - diminutive
żebbiel	sg - m - none
seffiqin	pl - none - none
waħħaxin	pl - none - none
fottimenti	pl - none - none
fornimenti	pl - none - none
sajjara	pl - none - none
ġirien	pl - m - none
turistiku	sg - m - none
bajjad	sg - m - none
sepulkru	sg - m - none
kewkbin	pl - none - none
fergħa	sg - f - none
lublieba	sg - f - none
qadm	sg - m - none
qbajjar	sg - m - none
mtajjar	pl - none - none
tqajjid	sg - m - none
ombri	pl - none - none
mgħollija	sg - f - none
pajjiżi	pl - m - none
sinottiċi	pl - none - none
bezzien	sg - m - none
żarmatur	sg - m - none
foka	sg - f - none
naħlija	sg - f - none
nifsijiet	pl - m - none
epifanija	sg - f - none
magħżulin	pl - none - none
kruha	sg - m - none
ħoloq	pl - none - none
ritratti	pl - m - none
denduli	sg - m - none
lellixija	pl - none - none
ħafur	sg - m - none
infezzjoni	sg - f - none
mqassijiet	pl - none - none
ħassilin	pl - none - none
derrej	sg - m - none
tibqita	sg - f - none
alleati	pl - none - none
tadam	coll - none - none
eħfef	none - none - comparative
ħarriqin	pl - none - none
ilmijiet	pl - f - none
waqwiqija	pl - none - none
kojlijiet	pl - none - none
sinkijiet	pl - none - none
magħmul	sg - m - none
xokk	sg - m - none
newl	sg - m - none
nikkiera	pl - none - none
taktira	sg - f - none
ħrajba	sg - f - diminutive
pudini	pl - none - none
ċlielaq	pl - none - none
taħnix	sg - m - none
tbetbita	sg - f - none
il-maqlubin	pl - none - none
katografija	sg - f - none
klabbs	pl - m - none
nixxejja	sg - f - none
srawal	pl - none - none
taqtiq	coll - m - none
vandalu	sg - m - none
tertuqi	pl - none - none
imxarrba	sg - f - none
bewġa	sg - f - none
meded	pl - none - none
bermiċin	pl - none - none
sewwieqi	sg - m - none
lesti	pl - none - none
awtisti	pl - none - none
maqdari	sg - m - none
żarmaturi	pl - none - none
ġidriet	pl - none - none
mradda'	sg - f - none
ravanell	coll - none - none
kejjinija	sg - f - none
roża	none - none - none
iħżma	pl - none - none
qaxxarija	sg - f - none
ungeriżi	pl - none - none
battmaturi	pl - none - none
sarsar	sg - m - none
ċeni	pl - none - none
bhim	sg - m - none
ħammiem	sg - m - none
qarriet	pl - none - none
enerġiji	pl - f - none
fejjieti	sg - m - none
tiżjiż	sg - m - none
tbiċċiċ	sg - m - none
tewħid	sg - m - none
xażijiet	pl - none - none
estetiku	sg - m - none
skrins	pl - none - none
eskluża	sg - f - none
ħodon	sg - m - none
rziezet	pl - none - none
korporazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
tehmiża	sg - f - none
midinbin	pl - none - none
ferriqija	sg - f - none
rendimenti	pl - none - none
mekkaniku	sg - m - none
ħażen	sg - m - none
dgħajjef	sg - m - none
arbitru	sg - m - none
waqqatin	pl - none - none
qamliet	pl - none - none
għama	sg - none - none
summiena	sg - f - none
prieċi	pl - none - none
waqqafin	pl - none - none
mxierek	sg - m - none
pastażati	pl - none - none
tektiek	sg - m - none
ringiela	sg - f - none
suq	sg - m - none
sattarija	sg - f - none
passatur	sg - m - none
tisħiħ	sg - m - none
tieref	sg - m - none
berbuxija	sg - f - none
tajjari	sg - m - none
waħħadija	pl - none - none
ħalfa	sg - f - none
żnied	sg - m - none
tiżbiġ	sg - m - none
tismira	sg - f - none
fosos	pl - none - none
permanenti	pl - none - none
xpruni	pl - none - none
ferrixin	pl - none - none
tema	sg - f - none
tnawwira	sg - f - none
shajra	sg - f - none
ċess	sg - f - none
ġewnaħ	sg - m - none
qajjiema	sg - f - none
noqsar	none - none - none
żaqqaqa	sg - f - none
tbattima	sg - f - none
bekbikija	sg - f - none
kustodji	pl - none - none
passa	none - f - none
dekkuk	coll - m - none
tazza	sg - f - none
mterqa	sg - f - none
żibdin	pl - none - none
rikbien	sg - m - none
rħisa	sg - f - none
kanzunetti	pl - f - none
ġheżijiet	pl - none - none
bagħriet	pl_ind - none - none
programm	sg - m - none
tqannigħa	sg - f - none
nuċipriska	sg - f - none
biċċiera	sg - f - none
furfiċetti	pl - none - none
taqwija	sg - f - none
tgiddib	sg - m - none
approprjati	pl - none - none
allat	pl - m - none
xierqa	sg - f - none
tismida	sg - f - none
uragani	pl - none - none
dissident	sg - m - none
sufija	pl - none - none
twedwida	sg - f - none
wiġġieb	sg - m - none
pposedut	sg - m - none
tbiħat	pl - none - none
tirgħib	none - none - none
ibħra	pl - none - none
fitti	pl - none - none
kollaborattiv	sg - m - none
tbikkima	sg - f - none
piġami	pl - none - none
żiemel	sg - m - none
tawwita	sg - f - none
konflitt	sg - m - none
baħħati	sg - m - none
gażżajjin	pl - none - none
leġġin	pl - none - none
tapezzara	pl - none - none
grifti	sg - m - none
rixtellu	sg - m - none
dellin	pl - none - none
appendiċite	sg - f - none
kalendarji	pl - m - none
tkebbix	sg - m - none
tbagħbisa	sg - f - none
tidnin	sg - m - none
sajriet	pl - none - none
suċċessjonijiet	pl - none - none
żattatin	pl - none - none
korrimenti	pl - m - none
żebbieġa	pl - none - none
naqqasin	pl - none - none
skrivana	pl - none - none
rampila	sg - f - none
onorata	sg - f - none
tisbila	sg - f - none
laqliqija	pl - none - none
simboliku	sg - m - none
mudulluni	pl - none - none
xatt	sg - m - none
tisnig	none - none - none
semmejja	pl - none - none
destinazzjoni	sg - f - none
taqsiba	sg - f - none
ferrigħija	sg - f - none
ewlenin	pl - none - none
ħtajra	sg - f - diminutive
iżhem	sg - m - none
tgħima	sg - f - none
deffisin	pl - none - none
boċċu	sg - m - none
sofor	pl - none - none
temtima	sg - f - none
tbarrix	sg - m - none
tattika	sg - f - none
volum	sg - m - none
dottorali	sg - f - none
sassla	sg - f - none
tifżir	sg - m - none
nittiena	pl - none - none
fanfru	sg - m - none
mżerżqa	pl - none - none
laqqiegħi	sg - m - none
blejha	sg - f - none
bidwi	sg - m - none
mudlama	pl - none - none
nuċiprisk	coll - m - none
bejjiegħa	sg - f - none
żengilija	sg - f - none
reħjiet	pl - none - none
ordnijiet	pl - f - none
nawsji	pl - none - none
kaħla	sg - f - none
tbexxixa	sg - f - none
mniġġsin	pl - none - none
ħlejjaq	sg - m - diminutive
nemmiesi	sg - m - none
ċelebrazzjoni	sg - f - none
żattita	sg - f - none
qarħiet	pl - none - none
antiki	pl - none - none
psikoloġika	sg - f - none
xtillieri	pl - none - none
kbub	pl - none - none
sersura	sg - f - none
milgħaqa	sg - f - none
ħwejġiet	pl - none - diminutive
għalliel	sg - m - none
sammija	pl - none - none
sarrafa	sg - f - none
rsieset	pl - none - none
poema	sg - f - none
saħħaqin	pl - none - none
ħaġar	coll - m - none
portugiż	sg - m - none
karrettun	sg - m - none
tiġmida	sg - f - none
meċlieq	sg - m - none
rdum	sg - m - none
tellara	sg - f - none
qerried	sg - m - none
neffiħiet	pl - none - none
dieni	sg - m - none
ratba	sg - f - none
ħarbiexa	sg - f - none
żmamar	pl - none - none
waħħali	sg - m - none
tektikija	sg - f - none
keddidija	sg - f - none
nabbar	sg - m - none
kotrana	sg - f - none
ġurati	pl - none - none
ċiviltà	sg - f - none
wrejdniet	pl - none - none
ċefluqa	sg - f - none
tizpip	sg - m - none
rimedji	pl - none - none
bexxiex	sg - m - none
rawta	sg - f - none
xemnieqi	sg - m - none
ħażżieqa	sg - f - none
żohom	pl - none - none
fildiferru	sg - m - none
tbażżir	sg - m - none
grosos	pl - none - none
kabini	pl - none - none
ħakkiek	sg - m - none
kebbisin	pl - none - none
bebbuxiet	pl - none - none
tifkika	sg - f - none
fhumin	pl - none - none
namra	sg - f - none
kenninin	pl - none - none
sakkara	pl - none - none
tigdim	sg - m - none
ħabla	sg - f - none
ranġatur	sg - m - none
qattitin	pl - none - none
saqsiqin	pl - none - none
timliħ	sg - m - none
saħħabija	sg - f - none
tqib	sg - m - none
tqarrifa	sg - f - none
passaperli	pl - none - none
liċenzji	pl - f - none
tuta	sg - f - none
qassarija	pl - none - none
defsa	sg - m - none
tinnisija	sg - f - none
pxiexen	pl - none - none
palestinjana	sg - f - none
ħatu	sg - m - none
sħaħar	pl - none - none
ddeterminati	pl - none - none
qarnita	sg - f - none
tiflika	sg - f - none
ftila	sg - f - none
ortodossi	pl - none - none
qaffiela	pl - none - none
jottijiet	pl - m - none
tfendijiet	pl - none - none
kruċjata	sg - f - none
pastardiet	pl - none - none
tirgħin	sg - m - none
ħawwada	sg - f - none
benefiċċji	pl - none - none
baħnan	sg - m - none
tidbira	sg - f - none
esposti	pl - none - none
fliġ	sg - m - none
bjankerija	coll - f - none
mixħut	sg - m - none
atomiku	sg - m - none
ġejjiena	sg - f - none
tikrib	sg - m - none
sindki	pl - m - none
sena	sg - f - none
laqqati	sg - m - none
ħawwifin	pl - none - none
tilwiża	sg - f - none
sabbara	pl - none - none
użieni	sg - m - none
oħla	none - none - comparative
tiġdida	sg - f - none
olimpiku	sg - m - none
mwies	pl - none - none
taħliq	sg - m - none
favorita	sg - f - none
Gregorjan	sg - m - none
kirxa	sg - f - none
ħażżimijiet	pl - none - none
mixi	sg - m - none
tħendim	sg - m - none
naħriet	pl - none - none
grati	pl - none - none
ċaħħada	sg - f - none
qattus	sg - m - none
qawwilin	pl - none - none
delliel	sg - m - none
faqma	sg - f - none
żejjieta	pl - none - none
ballata	sg - f - none
tmexmixa	sg - f - none
mabradiet	pl - none - none
ġagħda	sg - f - none
tewba	sg - f - none
rqajjaq	sg - m - none
zamzima	sg - f - none
qdajma	sg - f - none
miġnunati	pl - none - none
belti	sg - m - none
xeblieka	pl - none - none
arkitettoniċi	pl - none - none
moħlilin	pl - none - none
gdejma	sg - f - none
sinjura	sg - f - none
persunal	sg - m - none
lingwaġġi	pl - m - none
fewwieġ	sg - m - none
kbarat	pl - none - none
xellugin	pl - none - none
dakkara	sg - f - none
bluża	sg - f - none
taħmis	sg - m - none
ħallatija	sg - f - none
urejjeċ	sg - m - none
sejjisija	pl - none - none
perpuriet	pl - none - none
sewwejja	sg - f - none
qarrab	sg - m - none
żafira	sg - f - none
qandieli	sg - m - none
libtiet	pl - none - none
velenu	sg - m - none
misraħ	sg - m - none
lok	sg - m - none
farka	sg - f - none
ħamħimin	pl - none - none
xxamplat	sg - m - none
żajjara	pl - none - none
sfortunat	sg - m - none
daqqaq	sg - m - none
qaddisija	pl - none - none
fliewi	pl - none - none
oriġinali	none - none - none
kanapè	sg - m - none
żnejqa	sg - f - none
mixtiqin	pl - none - none
qbid	sg - m - none
żeffieni	sg - m - none
gazzetta	sg - f - none
wirjiet	pl - none - none
keffiefi	sg - m - none
infraklassi	sg - f - none
seffifija	pl - none - none
despoti	pl - none - none
mħarreġ	sg - m - none
ħamġa	sg - f - none
Ġermaniż	sg - m - none
għaqli	sg - m - none
tlugħija	sg - f - none
relattivi	pl - none - none
dispjaċir	sg - m - none
qawwieli	sg - m - none
taqwila	sg - f - none
taħtina	sg - f - none
ħabbilija	sg - f - none
teleksijiet	pl - none - none
sieket	sg - m - none
lanġasa	sg - f - none
ħalsa	sg - f - none
qejjisija	sg - f - none
twebbis	sg - m - none
sodda	sg - f - none
tbażbiż	sg - m - none
qalila	sg - f - none
fatti	pl - m - none
mimdud	sg - m - none
kelliem	sg - m - none
annimal	sg - m - none
żawwal	sg - m - none
qożżiet	pl - none - none
furnar	sg - m - none
belbilija	sg - f - none
bdot	sg - m - none
brejkdawn	sg - m - none
skuna	sg - f - none
kondoljanza	sg - f - none
żawwalija	sg - f - none
tawwali	sg - m - none
pakketti	pl - m - none
tistiħa	sg - f - none
tilqimiet	pl - none - none
tgħajjiba	sg - f - none
konsli	pl - none - none
trafijiet	pl - none - none
ħarrieqi	sg - m - none
nittien	sg - m - none
kavilji	pl - none - none
nassasin	pl - none - none
omosesswali	sg - m - none
allegata	sg - f - none
qanċieċi	sg - m - none
geddum	sg - m - none
tifħila	sg - f - none
qaħħabija	sg - f - none
slajten	sg - m - none
ġabra	sg - f - none
qegħida	sg - f - none
miġraħ	sg - m - none
tmessisa	sg - f - none
tgerwixa	sg - f - none
kumpanija	sg - f - none
ħarbatija	sg - f - none
serjejiet	pl - f - none
sadidiet	pl - none - none
fnejdaq	sg - m - diminutive
fietel	sg - m - none
spuntata	sg - f - none
warrabija	pl - none - none
tħaffifa	sg - f - none
peduni	pl - none - none
varjetajiet	pl - f - none
taqrida	sg - f - none
ħorox	pl - none - none
mġissmin	pl - none - none
tbattira	sg - f - none
sur	sg - m - none
żveljarin	sg - m - none
tidjim	sg - m - none
tgħajjib	none - none - none
ċawluni	pl - none - none
ħrejjef	pl - none - none
ħassibija	sg - f - none
taħtiħ	coll - m - none
identità	sg - f - none
żnidija	sg - f - none
Tork	sg - m - none
żnienen	pl - none - none
sardinella	sg - f - none
tferrigħa	sg - f - none
waħħami	sg - m - none
żniedi	sg - m - none
saqsieqi	sg - m - none
xkubetti	pl - none - none
tehlil	sg - m - none
wardtajn	dl - none - none
newbin	pl - none - none
abbonata	sg - f - none
xorzijiet	pl - none - none
wiesgħin	pl - none - none
stalel	pl - none - none
ftejjel	pl - none - none
taflija	pl - none - none
benġiela	sg - f - none
proposti	pl - f - none
faħmi	sg - m - none
titfil	sg - m - none
xagħrija	sg - f - none
sistemi	pl - f - none
mislem	sg - m - none
waqwiqija	sg - f - none
mertu	sg - m - none
sajjari	sg - m - none
normi	pl - f - none
mogħtija	sg - f - none
fexfex	sg - m - none
tiżġiġa	sg - f - none
tiċpisa	sg - f - none
verġni	sg - m - none
bagħar	coll - m - none
tellieqa	pl - none - none
tfettiq	sg - m - none
ironika	sg - f - none
evoluttiva	sg - f - none
taffej	sg - m - none
deffiesa	sg - f - none
ġiżirana	sg - f - none
ħsil	none - none - none
ħettiefi	sg - m - none
bleħenija	sg - f - none
argumenti	pl - m - none
ferħanin	pl - none - none
sewdieni	sg - m - none
Maltin	pl - none - none
teħbira	sg - f - none
nisrani	sg - m - none
dabbarin	pl - none - none
ġwieħ	pl - none - none
taqris	sg - m - none
nfiq	sg - m - none
mniġġes	sg - m - none
qtigħ	sg - m - none
partner	sg - m - none
tinfix	sg - m - none
gerriem	sg - m - none
tjassir	sg - m - none
ħawtiela	sg - f - none
kiskes	sg - m - none
tishira	sg - f - none
fenek	sg - m - none
disperazzjoni	sg - f - none
letteratura	sg - f - none
tammasija	pl - none - none
ċerta	sg - f - none
komplott	sg - m - none
għanċiċ	sg - m - none
professjonista	sg - f - none
żemżem	none - m - none
maqjes	sg - m - none
imgħax	sg - m - none
taħwida	sg - f - none
tiktif	sg - m - none
informata	sg - f - none
werżieq	sg - m - none
ħedliet	pl - none - none
wassalin	pl - none - none
sploduti	pl - none - none
taħkika	sg - f - none
nikkiet	sg - m - none
żammarin	pl - none - none
tpoġġija	none - none - none
mewwisin	pl - none - none
probabilistika	sg - f - none
patrijottiċi	pl - none - none
sajjieda	sg - f - none
kubana	sg - f - none
troffa	sg - f - none
mnieqagħ	pl - none - none
tkixxiefi	sg - m - none
mannasa	sg - f - none
sarar	pl - none - none
titwib	none - none - none
żeffinija	pl - none - none
aperturi	pl - none - none
jlellxu	pl - none - none
żimlunazzi	pl - none - none
injoranzi	pl - f - none
preċiża	sg - f - none
ġdid	sg - m - none
ġappuniżi	pl - none - none
arkeoloġija	sg - f - none
qasdir	coll - m - none
plattin	sg - m - none
xjentifiku	sg - m - none
nżulija	pl - none - none
skoperta	sg - f - none
fixex	pl - none - none
lehimin	pl - none - none
tiżbib	sg - m - none
segretarji	pl - none - none
ġemmied	sg - m - none
spalla	sg - f - none
orarji	pl - none - none
maħġar	sg - m - none
ktieten	pl - none - none
sewwieda	sg - f - none
semnin	pl - none - none
ċaqlembuta	sg - f - none
ġeżżien	sg - m - none
paħpaħin	pl - none - none
tizwiq	sg - m - none
sanniet	pl - none - none
swejqa	sg - f - none
lewwinin	pl - none - none
sikek	pl - none - none
seffidin	pl - none - none
muswieda	sg - f - none
tibxix	sg - m - none
niggieżi	sg - m - none
fekkiek	sg - m - none
fettiħin	pl - none - none
mismutin	pl - none - none
salvereġina	sg - f - none
deżerta	sg - f - none
lefqana	sg - f - none
ħasira	sg - f - none
dbabar	pl - none - none
sefqiet	pl - none - none
regola	sg - f - none
xrariet	pl - none - none
ġellewż	coll - none - none
osservat	sg - m - none
islamiku	sg - m - none
ħaqqarija	sg - f - none
finezza	sg - f - none
tixjin	sg - m - none
żagżagija	sg - f - none
ipoteka	sg - f - none
kontribuzzjoni	sg - f - none
tnikkiriet	pl - none - none
qarnija	sg - f - none
bieqja	sg - f - none
diretti	pl - none - none
brudati	pl - none - none
għajnuniet	pl - none - none
żibġiet	pl - none - none
tinda	sg - f - none
ħienja	sg - f - none
kontribut	sg - m - none
ħarraj	sg - m - none
mgħallmin	pl - none - none
ġieħ	none - none - none
siebra	sg - f - none
tawwata	pl - none - none
proporzjoni	sg - f - none
kattara	sg - f - none
ġins	sg - m - none
tarjin	pl - none - none
ħlusija	sg - f - none
taraġ	coll - m - none
ħarħarin	pl - none - none
festini	pl - none - none
ġewwieżi	sg - m - none
gidba	sg - f - none
sejjieb	sg - m - none
żebliħin	pl - none - none
miknes	sg - m - none
separati	pl - none - none
tisgħina	sg - f - none
sebbiela	sg - f - none
targit	sg - m - none
supperv	sg - m - none
qoxqox	sg - none - none
fettieħi	sg - m - none
titwila	sg - f - none
storbjuż	sg - m - none
kitba	sg - f - none
ħalfiet	pl - none - none
vast	sg - m - none
newwiela	sg - f - none
renju	sg - m - none
tħassib	sg - m - none
papoċċi	pl - none - none
istħa	pl - none - none
udjenzi	pl - f - none
tfissir	sg - m - none
textuxiet	pl - none - none
tqarrija	sg - f - none
tilqim	sg - m - none
tammasija	sg - f - none
saddidiet	pl - none - none
cittadini	pl - m - none
paspari	pl - none - none
tfellis	sg - m - none
mħandaq	sg - m - none
melsiet	pl - none - none
xagħat	coll - m - none
domestiku	sg - m - none
uniformi	sg - f - none
saħħti	sg - f - none
siqi	sg - m - none
ħamġiet	pl - none - none
ħafura	sg - f - none
fettieq	sg - m - none
ħakem	sg - m - none
seksif	coll - m - none
tlaħħiqa	sg - f - none
luterana	sg - f - none
tħaxlifa	sg - f - none
tgħarris	none - none - none
ġnejba	sg - f - diminutive
taħdir	sg - m - none
żrejgħa	sg - f - none
ġurnalisti	pl - m - none
nehiedi	sg - m - none
titriħ	sg - m - none
joniku	sg - m - none
bassasa	sg - f - none
liwja	sg - f - none
Skoċċiża	sg - f - none
maħkuma	sg - f - none
għajjurin	pl - none - none
bniet	pl - none - none
qwiebel	pl - none - none
ikkundannati	pl - none - none
tgħarwin	sg - m - none
nissiġin	pl - none - none
żmattat	sg - m - none
mixlijin	pl - none - none
ftaħir	sg - m - none
ġahrija	sg - f - none
rummiena	sg - f - none
vaġina	sg - f - none
dirja	sg - f - none
aċċessata	sg - f - none
antika	sg - f - none
awtista	sg - none - none
baqriet	pl - none - none
ungeriża	sg - f - none
sehem	sg - m - none
matematiku	sg - m - none
nemmilija	sg - f - none
serpentini	pl - none - none
nigża	sg - f - none
ħelsien	sg - m - none
stjuward	sg - m - none
wegħida	sg - f - none
ċivika	sg - f - none
ħarrabin	pl - none - none
vjal	sg - m - none
tpinġijiet	pl - none - none
ħammiela	sg - f - none
waqqat	sg - m - none
floristi	pl - none - none
natura	sg - f - none
mnaxar	pl - none - none
arkanġlu	sg - m - none
qawwasa	pl - none - none
fettieqa	sg - f - none
enigmatika	sg - f - none
lukanda	sg - f - none
tmegħixa	sg - f - none
mxewwex	sg - m - none
tfarrika	sg - f - none
timżiża	sg - f - none
geżża	sg - f - none
ħarrabija	sg - f - none
madar	sg - m - none
pajnapil	sg - m - none
waħdanija	sg - f - none
qluqi	sg - m - none
messisija	sg - f - none
suprem	sg - m - none
maqmieqa	pl - none - none
sagħgħal	sg - m - none
newn	sg - m - none
tafla	sg - f - none
taqtira	sg - f - none
taqbiża	sg - f - none
tifriġ	sg - m - none
teżi	sg - f - none
taħmila	sg - f - none
hemmiem	sg - m - none
sarraġin	pl - none - none
tingiża	sg - f - none
tewwieqa	sg - f - none
niffiexi	sg - m - none
saddidin	pl - none - none
għarqub	sg - m - none
Munxarija	sg - f - none
animaturi	pl - m - none
fesfisija	sg - f - none
preżenza	sg - f - none
tibxira	sg - f - none
malji	pl - none - none
f'saħħitha	sg - f - none
rranġati	pl - none - none
werdinin	pl - none - none
żebliħ	sg - m - none
mbiewel	pl - none - none
ħamjiet	pl - none - none
pixxina	sg - f - none
ħwejjeġ	pl - none - none
uffiċjali	none - none - none
ħattiet	sg - m - none
dimonji	pl - none - none
nani	pl - none - none
sensiela	pl - none - none
slimiża	sg - f - none
teftifiet	pl - none - none
zuppjatur	sg - m - none
buful	pl - none - none
sottiljezzi	pl - none - none
irrispettata	sg - f - none
komplikat	sg - m - none
sorġituri	pl - none - none
wiġġieba	sg - f - none
żewwieq	sg - m - none
ringieli	pl - f - none
xemxi	sg - m - none
plastik	sg - m - none
mxengla	pl - none - none
maħlula	sg - f - none
ċrieċer	pl - none - none
bewwieq	sg - m - none
dmirijiet	pl - m - none
tigriż	sg - m - none
ksur	sg - m - none
organizzata	sg - f - none
safriet	pl - none - none
ġeddidin	pl - none - none
moderat	sg - m - none
pastizzi	pl - none - none
ċaċċira	sg - f - none
nissilin	pl - none - none
korretta	sg - f - none
bliet	pl - none - none
rewwixta	sg - f - none
nebbixija	sg - f - none
tgerrima	sg - f - none
dqiq	coll - m - none
żeblieħ	sg - m - none
taħrix	sg - m - none
pezza	sg - f - none
kubrit	coll - none - none
tilħima	sg - f - none
xarabank	sg - m - none
teħmisa	sg - f - none
rfis	sg - m - none
ħelliesa	sg - f - none
ġulġlien	coll - none - none
ħawħ	coll - m - none
saħħaqa	sg - f - none
għelm	sg - m - none
ħalla	sg - f - none
xkora	sg - f - none
saħħar	sg - m - none
epitaffju	sg - m - none
ġeneriċi	pl - none - none
kenn	sg - m - none
sovrani	pl - none - none
werżieqi	sg - m - none
ġewħana	sg - f - none
kompetittivi	pl - none - none
vokabularju	sg - m - none
ħażżież	sg - m - none
żigżags	pl - none - none
ċallasi	sg - m - none
infallibbli	sg - f - none
ħajjara	sg - f - none
herriżija	sg - f - none
żajjarin	pl - none - none
affarijiet	pl - f - none
qammasa	sg - f - none
tebbiegħ	sg - m - none
mixwijin	pl - none - none
fortuni	pl - f - none
sadiq	sg - m - none
bews	sg - m - none
organika	sg - f - none
meravilji	pl - none - none
avvanz	sg - m - none
seksika	sg - f - none
esperiment	sg - m - none
ċattriet	pl - none - none
lajman	sg - m - none
perżutiet	pl - none - none
drastiċi	pl - none - none
tluq	sg - m - none
dipartimenti	pl - m - none
ħnien	pl - none - none
suwed	pl - none - none
żejjidija	sg - f - none
qaws	sg - m - none
tagħrim	sg - m - none
ħarħira	sg - f - none
spjegata	sg - f - none
pastaż	sg - m - none
taqlila	sg - f - none
sillabu	sg - m - none
ħarrief	sg - m - none
tfaħħix	sg - m - none
ambizzjuża	sg - f - none
rifless	sg - m - none
qalliegħ	sg - m - none
jarda	sg - f - none
pompi	pl - f - none
ħabbieli	sg - m - none
newwilija	sg - f - none
taħriġa	sg - f - none
espressa	sg - f - none
lewwieqi	sg - m - none
għatbiet	pl - none - none
sarbit	coll - m - none
ddikjarati	pl - none - none
kpiepel	pl - none - none
ċilena	sg - f - none
siefla	pl - none - none
tafjiet	pl - none - none
żerżir	coll - m - none
brażiljana	sg - f - none
miżżewweġ	sg - m - none
kinsa	sg - f - none
buħarrat	sg - m - none
palat	sg - m - none
safjin	pl - none - none
eħtrieq	sg - m - none
kondoljanzi	pl - none - none
dennies	sg - m - none
leflifin	pl - none - none
kwantità	sg - f - none
futur	sg - m - none
passi	pl - none - none
antidipressiv	sg - m - none
taqmita	sg - f - none
btala	sg - f - none
żebbieġ	sg - m - none
widdibin	pl - none - none
qamqam	sg - m - none
skrizzjonijiet	pl - none - none
twaħħim	sg - m - none
webbiena	pl - none - none
fissier	sg - m - none
tnejjik	sg - m - none
torbiċiji	pl - none - none
fħulija	sg - f - none
ġmajra	sg - f - diminutive
mżerżqin	pl - none - none
tbissim	sg - m - none
ħolqa	sg - f - none
naxxarija	pl - none - none
estinti	pl - none - none
timħit	sg - m - none
qarrej	sg - m - none
mħibiet	pl - none - none
mansa	sg - f - none
filjozz	sg - m - none
qajjilin	pl - none - none
gambli	pl - none - none
ħxim	sg - m - none
tagħmid	sg - m - none
mintna	sg - f - none
żjara	sg - f - none
naġra	sg - f - none
taqtigħat	pl - none - none
żenbila	sg - f - none
tixkik	sg - m - none
fajjenza	sg - f - none
taħġiġa	sg - f - none
debbiera	sg - f - none
ekijiet	pl - none - none
versijiet	pl - none - none
ħarra	sg - f - none
tfergħin	sg - m - none
fanatiku	sg - m - none
issaħħar	sg - f - none
repubblikani	pl - none - none
kordi	pl - f - none
tarbija	sg - f - none
affettwati	pl - none - none
tperriċ	sg - m - none
ħabs	sg - m - none
misluti	pl - none - none
għarq	sg - m - none
kittinin	pl - none - none
satriet	pl - none - none
brudata	sg - f - none
approvata	sg - f - none
erotiku	sg - m - none
kalabriż	sg - m - none
kerrejja	pl - none - none
traħħil	sg - m - none
tinjiet	pl - none - none
ħabbiżin	pl - none - none
oċeaniku	sg - m - none
tebbiegħa	sg - f - none
ħallieqi	sg - m - none
pawċ	sg - m - none
tħawsil	sg - m - none
qallibin	pl - none - none
platt	sg - m - none
tagħlib	none - none - none
kwarti	pl - none - none
tismijiet	pl - none - none
kullana	sg - f - none
smejnin	pl - none - none
fellilin	pl - none - none
renji	pl - m - none
werwirin	pl - none - none
tikwisa	sg - f - none
rimi	sg - m - none
zappap	sg - m - none
gallun	sg - m - none
żubbaċċi	pl - none - none
ratifikata	sg - f - none
sajf	sg - m - none
bażokka	sg - f - none
infallibbli	pl - none - none
websites	pl - m - none
daqqasin	pl - none - none
sibrin	pl - none - none
kennin	pl - none - none
lewżija	sg - f - none
gramafown	sg - m - none
bellitin	pl - none - none
tqalligħ	sg - m - none
medja	sg - f - none
tkewtila	sg - f - none
naqgħat	pl - none - none
lokali	none - none - none
teħjim	sg - m - none
tabbabi	sg - m - none
aħħara	sg - f - none
tħażżim	sg - m - none
mħarrġin	pl - none - none
disturbi	pl - m - none
biża'	sg - m - none
tiżwiġ	sg - m - none
Nadurin	pl - none - none
ħlejju	sg - m - diminutive
dfur	pl - none - none
daqqaqi	sg - m - none
qerqiet	pl - none - none
tabbabin	pl - none - none
deffisija	sg - f - none
galilejani	pl - none - none
xengil	sg - m - none
massa	sg - f - none
aġġettivali	pl - none - none
inċident	sg - m - none
latrina	sg - f - none
ħlejjeb	pl - none - none
ħeġġieġi	sg - m - none
werrikin	pl - none - none
kamra	sg - f - none
mistiedena	sg - f - none
pleġġijiet	pl - none - none
tilgħib	sg - m - none
ħsejjes	pl - none - none
finlandiż	sg - m - none
dħulin	pl - none - none
spag	coll - none - none
tqabbiża	sg - f - none
kreattiva	sg - f - none
tenkil	coll - m - none
żjina	pl - none - none
kċejjen	pl - none - none
sinjifikati	pl - none - none
tlewwin	sg - m - none
tmeskin	coll - m - none
likkiemi	pl - none - none
tustaġni	sg - f - none
prudenti	sg - m - none
daħħali	sg - m - none
rranġat	sg - m - none
żinżel	sg - m - none
ħarriefa	pl - none - none
keskies	sg - m - none
regolament	sg - m - none
smina	sg - f - none
serpentelli	pl - none - none
żagħbila	sg - f - none
titrija	sg - f - none
tentuxa	sg - f - none
tpattija	none - none - none
għorba	sg - f - none
mattalin	pl - none - none
nharijiet	pl - none - none
mżiebel	pl - none - none
narċis	sg - f - none
sapjosesswali	pl - none - none
vakanti	pl - none - none
mnejqat	pl - none - none
nagħgħasija	pl - none - none
nawwar	sg - m - none
kelliela	sg - f - none
dgħifa	sg - f - none
awtopsiji	pl - none - none
tmazziza	sg - f - none
gerfux	sg - m - none
miblugħin	pl - none - none
xemniqin	pl - none - none
fildiferru	coll - none - none
ġranet	pl - none - none
olandiż	sg - m - none
bexxiqin	pl - none - none
ċoqoq	pl - none - none
mistiċiżmu	sg - m - none
brajjeġ	sg - m - diminutive
matlab	sg - m - none
moqlijin	pl - none - none
spuntat	sg - m - none
ħassari	sg - m - none
tfiddida	sg - f - none
dammiet	pl - none - none
pubblikazzjoni	sg - f - none
sawmien	sg - m - none
sponsuni	pl - none - none
grixa	sg - f - none
ħmied	sg - m - none
awtorizzat	sg - m - none
girfa	sg - f - none
tmegħir	sg - m - none
tgħarwin	sg - m - none
produzzjonijiet	pl - f - none
tbejgħa	sg - f - none
qaħbija	pl - none - none
meddidin	pl - none - none
wens	none - m - none
weżina	sg - f - none
bokra	sg - f - none
xfarijiet	pl - none - none
mqareb	pl - none - none
festa	sg - f - none
wessieqi	sg - m - none
ħabbejjin	pl - none - none
waħħalin	pl - none - none
tmerżiqa	sg - f - none
sagħtriet	pl - none - none
sennieġi	sg - m - none
ċaħħadin	pl - none - none
telf	sg - m - none
tarrafa	sg - f - none
bidliet	pl - f - none
frieket	pl - none - none
tagħkir	sg - m - none
fqajrin	pl - none - diminutive
żwal	sg - m - none
żebbilija	pl - none - none
taħtif	sg - m - none
tirraniji	pl - none - none
kamoxxa	sg - f - none
maħżniet	pl - none - none
tlaqliq	coll - m - none
srim	sg - m - none
golja	sg - f - none
għanslija	sg - f - none
sufri	pl - none - none
gorboġ	sg - m - none
brieren	pl - none - none
koroh	pl - none - none
kiri	sg - m - none
varatura	sg - f - none
ġellidija	sg - f - none
xandarija	pl - none - none
żewwiġin	pl - none - none
rjus	pl - none - none
żrieżaq	pl - none - none
kelliemi	sg - m - none
qsusija	none - f - none
sinagoga	sg - f - none
sahharija	pl - none - none
borok	pl - none - none
qlajja	sg - f - none
tifwira	sg - f - none
tgħajjib	sg - m - none
pexpixija	sg - f - none
żerżuqijiet	pl - none - none
żekżikija	sg - f - none
sriħanin	pl - none - none
ċarta	sg - f - none
żehmiet	pl - none - none
rix	coll - m - none
ewkaristiċi	pl - none - none
futuristika	sg - f - none
tagħmil	sg - m - none
herriżin	pl - none - none
tgħajjiriet	pl - none - none
żebbieġ	sg - m - none
baqqata	sg - f - none
zuppjatura	sg - f - none
kkunsidrat	sg - m - none
qaħbija	sg - f - none
qasmiet	pl - none - none
qċaċet	pl - none - none
tvinċija	sg - f - none
roti	pl - f - none
miskina	sg - f - none
tarka	sg - f - none
tqila	sg - f - none
mina	sg - f - none
ponn	sg - m - none
entużjast	sg - m - none
passiġġiera	sg - f - none
ċajtiet	pl - none - none
lehiemi	sg - m - none
ċentimetru	sg - m - none
proporzjonijiet	pl - f - none
smugħija	pl - none - none
megħiera	sg - f - none
favoriti	pl - none - none
tħarfina	sg - f - none
muniti	pl - f - none
fastidji	pl - m - none
bagħlija	sg - f - none
bexxieqa	sg - f - none
kondom	sg - m - none
kavaturi	pl - none - none
żagħbil	coll - m - none
merill	sg - m - none
qawma	sg - f - none
ambaxxatur	sg - m - none
partiċipjui	pl - m - none
żaddama	pl - none - none
ħarraxin	pl - none - none
kittiefa	sg - f - none
niġem	coll - m - none
bejt	sg - m - none
taftir	sg - m - none
vendikattiva	sg - f - none
pullowver	sg - m - none
pijunier	sg - m - none
ġibda	sg - f - none
faħmin	pl - none - none
qanfidija	sg - f - none
tibriqa	sg - f - none
tifliq	sg - m - none
salvamenti	pl - none - none
ġebbied 	sg - m - none
neżgħa	sg - f - none
mus	sg - m - none
fus	sg - m - none
fakultà	sg - f - none
ġamra	sg - f - none
nġejma	sg - f - diminutive
falluta	sg - f - none
sema	sg - m - none
uġigħ	sg - m - none
tnaffir	sg - m - none
ansjuża	sg - f - none
xniegħa	sg - f - none
selfa	sg - f - none
ġirasol	sg - m - none
malizzji	pl - none - none
mnajjar	pl - none - none
dhur	pl - none - none
ħabbież	sg - m - none
mrażżna	sg - f - none
tmantira	sg - f - none
tagħmis	sg - m - none
mezzi	pl - m - none
qattara	sg - f - none
qammisin	pl - none - none
ħdud	pl - none - none
ġnien	sg - m - none
beraq	pl - none - none
tiċrit	sg - m - none
tfulin	pl - none - none
liżbjani	pl - none - none
fewwieħa	sg - f - none
tidbir	sg - m - none
qaqoċċa	sg - f - none
żakkarin	pl - none - none
ħaqqara	sg - f - none
benġilin	pl - none - none
żagħfranin	pl - none - none
bgħid	sg - m - none
ċimiterju	sg - m - none
tisrir	sg - m - none
pruniet	pl - none - none
qattilin	pl - none - none
twessiq	sg - m - none
żattata	sg - f - none
mistiku	sg - m - none
tnissil	sg - m - none
ġbien	pl - none - none
deċiżjonijiet	pl - f - none
ġerrejjin	pl - none - none
skwerer	pl - none - none
pjanura	sg - f - none
moralità	sg - f - none
kulurita	sg - f - none
titjiriet	pl - none - none
ġellewża	sg - f - none
msiegħen	pl - none - none
konkreti	pl - none - none
istruttura	sg - f - none
ħasil	sg - m - none
sawwafija	sg - f - none
ħabsijiet	pl - none - none
għan	sg - m - none
prinċep	sg - m - none
likuri	pl - none - none
lablab	sg - m - none
ħassar	sg - m - none
tifħima	sg - f - none
paternalistika	sg - f - none
tnittina	sg - f - none
distanzi	pl - f - none
tifħir	sg - m - none
fellieki	sg - m - none
ħġejma	sg - f - diminutive
segretezzi	pl - none - none
bejjinija	sg - f - none
daqsiex	sg - f - none
klassijiet	pl - f - none
terriqin	pl - none - none
lsiera	pl - none - none
mwejżen	none - m - none
wasta	pl - none - none
xewlieħ	sg - m - none
istudji	pl - m - none
idolu	sg - m - none
rikonoxxenti	pl - none - none
taħliqa	sg - f - none
Lbiċ	sg - m - none
ċuċiji	pl - none - none
dmugħija	sg - f - none
tagħan	none - none - none
dulluvju	sg - m - none
tqaqijiet	pl - none - none
kwiet	sg - m - none
baħħara	pl - none - none
gustużi	pl - none - none
nawwarin	pl - none - none
prekawzjonijiet	pl - none - none
nemxiet	pl - none - none
megħirin	pl - none - none
tajjara	sg - f - none
tqartif	coll - m - none
xemgħa	sg - f - none
abbord	sg - f - none
osservazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
stennija	sg - f - none
sersir	sg - m - none
ferfur	sg - m - none
fantastika	sg - f - none
bxajjar	pl - none - none
tebbiqin	pl - none - none
tferfix	sg - m - none
qwiel	pl - none - none
żrugħija	sg - f - none
logħob	sg - m - none
sottomarins	pl - none - none
ganġetti	pl - none - diminutive
musfar	sg - m - none
prestiġjuża	sg - f - none
bluha	sg - f - none
waddabi	sg - m - none
ħaddar	sg - m - none
tojlit	sg - m - none
awtoritajiet	pl - f - none
bliebel	pl - none - none
applikazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
wassiegħa	pl - none - none
bewwiqija	sg - f - none
fexfiexa	sg - f - none
ġamriet	pl - none - none
titkir	none - none - none
qliebi	pl - none - none
dkura	sg - f - none
konvenzjoni	sg - f - none
qabbiela	pl - none - none
ħażin	sg - m - none
ħwejġa	sg - f - diminutive
tifqida	sg - f - none
werriċin	pl - none - none
kagħka	sg - f - none
prefazjonijiet	pl - none - none
konness	sg - m - none
ħolqien	sg - m - none
qarsa	sg - f - none
iskors	pl - m - none
ħabbilija	sg - f - none
msiba	sg - f - none
privat	sg - m - none
mehlin	pl - none - none
tberrixa	sg - f - none
frieċaħ	pl - none - none
korean	sg - m - none
qanżiħin	pl - none - none
munxar	sg - m - none
nebbieħ	sg - m - none
berriek	sg - m - none
laxka	sg - f - none
lagħna	sg - f - none
mewġi	sg - m - none
ħajta	sg - f - none
żakkara	sg - f - none
ċaħħadi	sg - m - none
għaref	sg - m - none
sabiħa	sg - f - none
mafħam	sg - m - none
islam	sg - m - none
negattivi	pl - none - none
xwabel	pl - none - none
orarju	sg - m - none
mġissma	sg - f - none
żenniena	pl - none - none
xifajk	sg - m - none
ċamati	pl - none - none
tmewwiġ	sg - m - none
hewdinin	pl - none - none
tiftixa	sg - f - none
annimali	pl - m - none
żarmaturi	pl - none - none
paċifista	sg - f - none
tewħim	sg - m - none
konċernat	sg - m - none
barxa	sg - f - none
tqanqil	sg - m - none
rasti	pl - none - none
felfel	sg - m - none
ħaqqar	sg - m - none
ħtir	sg - m - none
waqqatin	pl - none - none
pariri	pl - m - none
sqaqijiet	pl - none - none
banketta	sg - f - none
banjijiet	pl - none - none
solvibbli	none - none - none
dmugħi	sg - m - none
qawl	sg - m - none
tutija	sg - f - none
vrieden	pl - none - none
lħuqin	pl - none - none
allegazzjoni	sg - f - none
minjieri	pl - none - none
wassiegħ	sg - m - none
aringi	pl - none - none
mgħaġġlin	pl - none - none
tariffa	sg - f - none
idroġenu	sg - m - none
samsir	coll - m - none
tgħabbir	none - none - none
tawru	sg - m - none
sostitut	sg - m - none
dgħajfa	sg - f - none
tgawdijiet	pl - none - none
waħħalin	pl - none - none
dewwej	sg - m - none
tagħwir	sg - m - none
ħakkiemi	sg - m - none
tertix	coll - m - none
klikka	sg - f - none
narratur	sg - m - none
maħrubin	pl - none - none
tfassil	sg - m - none
tfaqqim	sg - m - none
magħadin	pl - none - none
sqifa	sg - f - none
tilfif	sg - m - none
ġejjifija	sg - f - none
nebbiet	coll - none - none
dewwidija	sg - f - none
tisjila	sg - f - none
qnejpna	sg - f - none
dehxija	sg - f - none
ġemġima	sg - f - none
grupp	sg - m - none
tisfiqa	sg - f - none
tqandil	coll - m - none
santi	pl - none - none
takek	pl - none - none
pazjent	sg - m - none
ferqiet	pl - none - none
offruta	sg - f - none
kalibri	pl - none - none
qali	sg - m - none
għebiedi	pl - none - none
mimli	sg - m - none
repubblikan	sg - m - none
tlagħligħ	coll - m - none
kobor	sg - m - none
tadama	sg - f - none
eremita	sg - none - none
miġnun	sg - m - none
ġegħdin	pl - none - none
abbord	sg - m - none
rikka	sg - f - none
żerżiqin	pl - none - none
fettula	sg - f - none
ħruq	sg - m - none
xewk	coll - none - none
mxawwtin	pl - none - none
musmariji	pl - none - none
bewwitin	pl - none - none
berquqa	sg - f - none
keskiesa	pl - none - none
bexxiexa	pl - none - none
lublibiet	pl - none - none
pċielaq	pl - none - none
mirqumin	pl - none - none
reqq	sg - m - none
prezz	sg - m - none
alternattiva	sg - f - none
nana	sg - f - none
leflifin	pl - none - none
bilbla	sg - f - none
protezzjonijiet	pl - f - none
tisbiqa	sg - f - none
taqdisa	sg - f - none
nemlija	pl - none - none
weħliet	pl - none - none
mqaħab	pl - none - none
wissejja	sg - f - none
tidbiħ	sg - m - none
dbejbiet	pl - none - diminutive
semnija	pl - none - none
hemm	sg - m - none
dizzjunarji	pl - m - none
nfurin	pl - none - none
ħaddari	sg - m - none
ċaqċiq	coll - m - none
dehiexa	sg - f - none
tfal	pl - none - none
tektik	sg - m - none
tberik	sg - m - none
laħma	sg - f - none
bellus	sg - m - none
tiflisa	sg - f - none
tiswida	sg - f - none
marġerina	sg - f - none
mezz'asta	sg - f - none
osservazzjoni	sg - f - none
silbien	sg - m - none
taħjila	sg - f - none
sekkieka	pl - none - none
assolut	sg - m - none
ħallifin	pl - none - none
sfiq	sg - m - none
tnikkita	sg - f - none
intiżi	pl - none - none
qattiet	sg - m - none
legligin	pl - none - none
tilqix	sg - m - none
fixkiela	sg - f - none
żrieragħ	pl - none - none
Lhudi	pl - none - none
xeblieki	sg - m - none
sdieri	pl - none - none
kwalitajiet	pl - none - none
kilwa	sg - f - none
tomsa	pl - none - none
żajbri	sg - m - none
fejjitija	sg - f - none
tmimin	pl - none - none
titqil	sg - m - none
kabbarin	pl - none - none
qarib	sg - m - none
bewwisija	sg - f - none
selma	sg - f - none
ħabba	sg - f - none
servili	none - none - none
konsekuttivi	pl - none - none
wennisija	sg - f - none
fasla	sg - f - none
fidda	sg - f - none
ċenċiliet	pl - none - none
famuża	sg - f - none
użabbli	none - none - none
bettieħa	sg - f - none
tilhiġ	sg - m - none
waħxija	pl - none - none
magħada	sg - f - none
kartomanziji	pl - none - none
salluriet	pl - none - none
maġistrati	pl - m - none
krames	pl - none - none
tlaqqima	sg - f - none
ħallief	sg - m - none
tqaddima	sg - f - none
sinjuri	pl - none - none
tqattigħa	sg - f - none
mkiekek	pl - none - none
ħammiel	sg - m - none
barraġin	pl - none - none
saffaturi	pl - none - none
mżejten	sg - m - none
tiżfin	sg - m - none
qattusa	sg - f - none
tfarrik	sg - m - none
xuxan	sg - m - none
belliel	sg - m - none
biżantini	pl - none - none
utilità	sg - f - none
benefatturi	pl - m - none
sellieka	sg - f - none
appostolika	sg - f - none
preparazzjonijiet	pl - none - none
frenża	sg - f - none
xtut	pl - none - none
tinnisin	pl - none - none
interpreti	pl - none - none
ferfiexa	sg - f - none
rabtiet	pl - f - none
sawriet	pl - none - none
xemniqija	sg - f - none
utaq	none - none - none
pespiesi	sg - m - none
griftija	sg - f - none
ażżma	sg - f - none
qlajfat	sg - m - none
ballijiet	pl - none - none
interpretazzjoni	sg - f - none
introduzzjoni	sg - f - none
kostellazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
qawqab	sg - f - none
ilsna	pl - none - none
mitoloġija	sg - f - none
irreferietx	none - none - none
zkuk	pl - none - none
mgħaref	pl - none - none
tfekrin	sg - m - none
nwejxfin	pl - none - none
tiżhir	sg - m - none
ħabbejjin	pl - none - none
epiċi	pl - none - none
zoppa	pl - none - none
difensivi	pl - none - none
dagħdiegħa	sg - f - none
dawr	sg - m - none
flejguta	sg - f - none
kellilin	pl - none - none
katalan	sg - m - none
lanġasiet	pl - none - none
faħxi	sg - m - none
dwejqin	pl - none - none
rawtiet	pl - none - none
werwirin	pl - none - none
neżżigħija	sg - f - none
tehdidiet	pl - none - none
ballottri	pl - none - none
tinżigħ	sg - m - none
qronfol	coll - none - none
sajma	pl - none - none
tħabbil	sg - m - none
mistħija	pl - none - none
mixtieq	sg - m - none
magħmudijiet	pl - none - none
istrutturi	pl - f - none
sfura	none - f - none
astroloġija	sg - f - none
ħieġ	sg - m - none
żebbiġin	pl - none - none
tabal	sg - m - none
għażel	sg - m - none
milgħaqin	pl - none - none
misduda	sg - f - none
goffa	sg - f - none
bord	sg - m - none
spelizzi	pl - none - none
nattaħa	pl - none - none
suċċessi	pl - m - none
ċuwingams	pl - none - none
telliefa	sg - f - none
tmaħħiħ	sg - m - none
zappunara	pl - none - none
ħamla	sg - f - none
mekkieħi	sg - m - none
barbaġanni	pl - none - none
ħtint	sg - f - none
ħaxwixin	pl - none - none
iskwadra	sg - f - none
fdalijiet	pl - none - none
werriexa	sg - f - none
bolonjiża	sg - f - none
komplementarji	pl - none - none
pont	sg - m - none
żuffjettata	sg - f - none
temtumin	pl - none - none
pixxaturi	pl - none - none
sarraġa	sg - f - none
teokratiku	sg - m - none
aritmetiċi	pl - none - none
wott	sg - m - none
meċlieqi	sg - m - none
qasbija	pl - none - none
tbeżbiż	sg - m - none
tkebbiba	sg - f - none
meżmiżin	pl - none - none
danni	pl - none - none
stessu	sg - m - none
statut	sg - m - none
ġest	sg - m - none
interessanti	none - none - none
talbana	pl - none - none
ġiebja	sg - f - none
id	sg - f - none
tneffiħ	sg - m - none
prominenza	sg - f - none
raxketta	sg - f - none
battmatura	sg - f - none
ħettuf	sg - m - none
mħassba	sg - f - none
lehbiena	sg - f - none
tkejjita	sg - f - none
ċekċik	coll - m - none
tħandiq	sg - m - none
fettuli	sg - m - none
taħtiba	sg - f - none
iżolata	sg - f - none
għadsiet	pl - none - none
twebbin	sg - m - none
bnedmin	pl - m - none
mitiku	sg - m - none
xemgħat	pl - f - none
tempri	pl - none - none
għajnuna	sg - f - none
reġjun	sg - m - none
tneżżigħa	sg - f - none
ristretti	pl - none - none
novella	sg - f - none
xengiel	sg - m - none
ħażżiżija	sg - f - none
mħatri	pl - none - none
seffiefa	sg - f - none
tpeċpiċa	sg - f - none
mqareb	sg - m - none
welliedi	sg - m - none
kumitat	sg - m - none
onesta	sg - f - none
evanġeliċi	pl - none - none
berbiqin	pl - none - none
difiżi	pl - none - none
snejgħiet	pl - none - none
gwerer	pl - none - none
mgħallma	sg - f - none
proviżjonijiet	pl - none - none
ħarbana	pl - none - none
teftief	sg - m - none
akkwistati	pl - none - none
totali	none - none - none
għotjien	pl - none - none
ħerqa	sg - f - none
tqawwir	sg - m - none
arkivji	pl - m - none
lħiħ	sg - m - none
faxx	sg - m - none
gosti	pl - m - none
ġimagħtejn	dl - none - none
produttiv	sg - m - none
xagħri	sg - m - none
saħħabija	sg - f - none
melliet	pl - none - none
tħemmil	sg - m - none
tursin	coll - none - none
nota	sg - f - none
pasparija	pl - none - none
mixrubin	pl - none - none
lejl	sg - m - none
non-diskriminazzjoni	sg - f - none
medjaturi	pl - m - none
żminijiet	pl - m - none
difensur	sg - m - none
tisjis	sg - m - none
grieżem	pl - none - none
esklużi	pl - none - none
denni	sg - m - none
uffiċċju	sg - m - none
ortodoss	sg - m - none
għadba	sg - f - none
Għarbija	sg - f - none
armarji	pl - none - none
ħofor	pl - none - none
semitika	sg - f - none
ħlusija	sg - f - none
stjuwards	pl - none - none
weġgħat	pl - none - none
ħawwiel	sg - m - none
tmien	pl - none - none
immirati	pl - none - none
barbari	sg - m - none
tojlits	pl - none - none
xjuħ	pl - none - none
sekkiek	sg - m - none
vantaġġi	pl - m - none
ħawwilija	sg - f - none
dehinija	sg - f - none
tpeċliqa	sg - f - none
laqqami	sg - m - none
ċempil	coll - m - none
maqreb	sg - m - none
inkurunata	sg - f - none
inġusti	pl - none - none
pangolin	sg - m - none
mekkieki	sg - m - none
bżaru	sg - m - none
sehwiet	pl - none - none
tirma	sg - f - none
professjonali	none - none - none
felliesa	sg - f - none
nazzjonalità	sg - f - none
ottimiżmu	sg - m - none
fassadin	pl - none - none
ekonomiji	pl - f - none
kwalifikazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
ġifaġni	sg - f - none
għadiet	pl - none - none
organizzazzjoni	sg - f - none
żbandut	sg - m - none
infermiera	pl - none - none
mżużin	pl - none - none
karbanin	pl - none - none
naqqaxa	sg - f - none
verifikati	pl - none - none
sriedaq	pl - none - none
kokka	sg - f - none
sistematiku	sg - m - none
ibbażata	sg - f - none
sidrin	pl - none - none
tbadbida	sg - f - none
solbien	pl - none - none
awtorizzata	sg - f - none
sodisfatt	sg - m - none
farraġin	pl - none - none
ħakk	sg - m - none
empiriċi	pl - none - none
samsira	sg - f - none
vjolent	sg - m - none
nemli	sg - m - none
stħarriġ	sg - m - none
tgeddila	sg - f - none
flotot	pl - none - none
mrejtel	sg - m - none
elevat	sg - m - none
tmarrir	sg - m - none
fantastiku	sg - m - none
niddej	sg - m - none
naħnuħ	sg - m - none
xadin	sg - m - none
iddisinjat	sg - m - none
jowgurts	pl - none - none
nejjikin	pl - none - none
rass	sg - m - none
tehdida	sg - f - none
slielaħ	pl - none - none
gwardarobba	sg - f - none
tħawwira	sg - f - none
debbirija	sg - f - none
mħażżna	sg - f - none
somma	sg - f - none
żabbariet	pl - none - none
sokor	sg - m - none
sebbilin	pl - none - none
ibbrevettar	sg - m - none
ħabbiżin	pl - none - none
qżież	none - m - none
sabbatija	sg - f - none
ġemġim	sg - m - none
akkużati	pl - none - none
tbiħ	sg - m - none
dendula	sg - f - none
tlieti	sg - m - none
żibdija	sg - f - none
sarramin	pl - none - none
maħżnier	sg - m - none
pixkata	sg - f - none
kustodju	sg - m - none
fejta	sg - f - none
tintif	sg - m - none
therwil	sg - m - none
żrajben	sg - m - none
liżar	sg - m - none
tagħqix	sg - m - none
ċavetta	sg - f - none
akkanit	sg - m - none
dehrija	sg - f - none
ħoss	sg - m - none
pixkeriji	pl - none - none
żebras	pl - none - none
romblatura	sg - f - none
bejjiena	sg - f - none
benniena	sg - f - none
effiċjenti	none - none - none
spag	sg - m - none
tpaqpiqa	sg - f - none
siktin	pl - none - none
trobbija	sg - f - none
bogħod	sg - m - none
ħiser	sg - m - none
żambarija	sg - f - none
salvakondott	sg - m - none
daqduqa	sg - f - none
asjatiċi	pl - none - none
kategoriku	sg - m - none
ċallas	sg - m - none
ċappasija	sg - f - none
wetqa	sg - f - none
siġġijiet	pl - m - none
qawqbin	pl - none - none
qrid	sg - m - none
antidipressivi	pl - none - none
pupa	sg - f - none
filarmoniku	sg - m - none
Nadurija	sg - f - none
falsifikamenti	pl - none - none
tuffatura	sg - f - none
eletta	sg - f - none
sbejħin	pl - none - none
meċliqin	pl - none - none
tiżniq	sg - m - none
naqniqija	pl - none - none
ġibjun	sg - m - none
ħaxwixa	sg - f - none
qtugħin	pl - none - none
dumnikan	sg - m - none
kbajrin	pl - none - diminutive
hġien	sg - m - none
ottomana	sg - f - none
ħaxliefa	sg - f - none
laħliħ	coll - m - none
qsim	sg - m - none
mġarra	sg - f - none
beżlikin	sg - f - none
uriek	pl - none - none
skonforti	pl - none - none
sikek	pl - none - none
demmilin	pl - none - none
żammar	sg - m - none
ħarruba	sg - f - none
warrada	sg - f - none
xtut	pl - none - none
suspettati	pl - none - none
tweżwiża	sg - f - none
ħalbi	sg - m - none
għar	sg - m - none
morda	pl - none - none
bejken	coll - none - none
ferrixija	sg - f - none
imżatta	pl - none - none
adulti	pl - none - none
qasbiet	pl - none - none
gawdent	sg - m - none
kimiċi	pl - none - none
xenqa	sg - f - none
arċisqof	sg - m - none
sejjieħ	sg - m - none
pazjenta	sg - f - none
żajjarin	pl - none - none
tqajjim	sg - m - none
simna	sg - f - none
ragħa	sg - m - none
abbozzi	pl - none - none
żġiġija	sg - f - none
mqamar	pl - none - none
musraġa	sg - f - none
traġika	sg - f - none
trietaq	pl - none - none
ħadd	sg - m - none
vizzji	pl - m - none
inganni	pl - none - none
fewwiħin	pl - none - none
topika	sg - f - none
ħmerijiet	pl - none - none
kittibija	sg - f - none
heddidin	pl - none - none
twegħira	sg - f - none
srajjeġ	sg - m - none
buffura	sg - f - none
pejjipija	sg - f - none
nbid	sg - m - none
platoniku	sg - m - none
ħrapen	pl - none - none
tbakkira	sg - f - none
derrisiet	pl - none - none
berriena	sg - f - none
lelluxiet	pl - none - none
sejjiefa	sg - f - none
zijiet	pl - none - none
spettur	sg - none - none
bixkilla	sg - f - none
ġarra	sg - f - none
skrivanija	sg - f - none
errur	sg - m - none
volumi	pl - none - none
vaganti	none - none - none
damdimin	pl - none - none
bexxa	sg - f - none
kċejniet	pl - none - none
ħuttab	sg - m - none
naġġarin	pl - none - none
nervożità	none - f - none
bżulija	sg - f - none
nżieli	pl - none - none
kursar	sg - m - none
dens	sg - m - none
tellifija	pl - none - none
sadiqa	pl - none - none
mfietaħ	pl - none - none
tinqib	sg - m - none
settieħa	sg - f - none
fellilija	sg - f - none
titrir	sg - m - none
epoka	sg - f - none
noqbiet	pl - none - none
tilwiż	sg - m - none
merħliet	pl - none - none
rwoli	pl - m - none
akwarelli	pl - none - none
popolazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
qluqija	sg - f - none
ċantir	coll - m - none
żegżiega	sg - f - none
niffixin	pl - none - none
ikkonċentrata	sg - f - none
ħejb	sg - m - none
teħlim	sg - m - none
ħarira	sg - f - none
ċaqlim	coll - m - none
antikmamar	pl - none - none
fakra	sg - f - none
mħar	coll - m - none
ħaxxuna	sg - f - none
għerieb	pl - none - none
fsieqi	pl - none - none
kornimenti	pl - none - none
tbandila	sg - f - none
tigriża	sg - f - none
qaċċata	sg - f - none
affettat	sg - m - none
bolbol	sg - m - none
tħarbix	sg - m - none
sajjarin	pl - none - none
bejjiegħ	sg - m - none
laħlieħ	sg - m - none
tpittira	sg - f - none
marradin	pl - none - none
xini	sg - m - none
ċentru	sg - m - none
żengul	sg - m - none
kellilija	sg - f - none
inkurunati	pl - none - none
bexxiqija	sg - f - none
naqqas	sg - m - none
satelliti	pl - none - none
apprezzat	sg - m - none
ankriet	pl - none - none
dgħajfa	pl - none - none
tferfixa	sg - f - none
tkixxifa	sg - f - none
fonda	sg - f - none
ħattam	sg - m - none
ganġetta	sg - f - diminutive
qtir	sg - m - none
gidma	sg - f - none
twaħħir	sg - m - none
laqliqija	sg - f - none
tħannisa	sg - f - none
tiġgħila	sg - f - none
sjaħin	pl - none - none
waħmiet	pl - none - none
baħriet	pl - none - none
ħannieni	sg - m - none
maqtriet	pl - none - none
naħra	sg - f - none
vjaġġ	sg - m - none
sirġien	sg - m - none
pexpiexi	sg - m - none
bżieżel	pl - none - none
meħer	sg - m - none
qejjiesa	sg - f - none
qallejjin	pl - none - none
ingann	sg - m - none
onorat	sg - m - none
naqqisin	pl - none - none
estetiċi	pl - none - none
qammara	sg - f - none
inklinati	pl - none - none
xquq	pl - none - none
tisqir	sg - m - none
tqaħħib	sg - m - none
zopop	pl - none - none
patruna	sg - f - none
baħbuħ	sg - m - none
waħħaxin	pl - none - none
għammieqa	sg - f - none
gizzejn	dl - none - none
xawers	pl - none - none
sewqat	pl - none - none
pixkati	pl - none - none
nejjiek	sg - m - none
berrinin	pl - none - none
prokuraturi	pl - m - none
baxxi	pl - none - none
verżjonijiet	pl - f - none
ppruvati	pl - none - none
sawra	sg - f - none
dwiemel	pl - none - none
karis	pl - none - none
kokaina	sg - f - none
kowt	sg - m - none
tperċiħa	sg - f - none
sindikati	pl - none - none
xitwa	sg - f - none
żqajququ	sg - m - none
ħbubin	pl - none - none
għaxqija	sg - f - none
kokki	pl - none - none
sajjem	sg - m - none
mnanar	pl - none - none
oxxenità	sg - f - none
ġeblija	sg - f - none
żerrigħat	pl - none - none
qari	sg - m - none
ħannien	sg - m - none
persjana	sg - f - none
kerrihija	sg - f - none
fenomeni	pl - m - none
simbolu	sg - m - none
suppiera	sg - f - none
tlitija	pl - none - none
mergħat	pl - none - none
ċertifikati	pl - none - none
intervista	sg - f - none
werwieri	sg - m - none
mitoloġiku	sg - m - none
kaskati	pl - none - none
xħiħ	sg - m - none
diżappuntati	pl - none - none
wiżża	sg - f - none
wardija	pl - none - none
manxar	sg - m - none
wiċċ	sg - m - none
tħaddimiet	pl - none - none
dmumi	sg - f - none
eżatt	sg - m - none
ħaddiema	pl - none - none
rhin	sg - m - none
għeneb	coll - m - none
sebbilin	pl - none - none
teħbir	sg - m - none
ħuġġiġin	pl - none - none
ġawhra	sg - f - none
oġġetti	pl - m - none
bewwieb	sg - m - none
rxiex	pl - none - none
negattiv	sg - m - none
bitħa	sg - f - none
ċkejkuna	sg - f - none
ħiġija	sg - f - none
intimu	sg - m - none
karfa	sg - f - none
mozzjonijiet	pl - f - none
ħawħin	pl - none - none
qarja	sg - f - none
tilwiq	sg - m - none
tiġjiba	sg - f - none
qarrimija	sg - f - none
merħla	sg - f - none
mattru	sg - m - none
tkexkex	sg - f - none
tfarrida	sg - f - none
kapitali	none - none - none
bergħudija	sg - f - none
ġelliedi	sg - m - none
metriku	sg - m - none
leħħa	sg - f - none
imbroljuni	pl - none - none
tnewwiba	sg - f - none
qawwara	sg - f - none
skaldi	pl - none - none
geddisin	pl - none - none
fassali	sg - m - none
kexkixija	sg - f - none
seħħa	sg - f - none
xenxilija	pl - none - none
qegħdin	pl - none - none
mqatar	pl - none - none
lissien	sg - m - none
tqajba	sg - f - none
għadajjar	pl - none - none
reċipjenti	pl - none - none
sikktejn	dl - none - none
żewwiġija	sg - f - none
barradin	pl - none - none
sfortunata	sg - f - none
xitanoloġiji	pl - none - none
emigrant	sg - m - none
kabbar	sg - m - none
fetħa	sg - f - none
ġrid	sg - m - none
ġarrabi	sg - m - none
sriebet	pl - none - none
tħejjija	sg - f - none
arjani	pl - none - none
ħlejjaq	sg - none - none
taħsib	sg - m - none
avversarji	pl - m - none
tiniet	pl - f - none
ħattiet	sg - m - none
fettiela	sg - none - none
taħjir	sg - m - none
bnadi	pl - none - none
żviluppatur	sg - m - none
ħarbat	sg - m - none
tabiba	sg - f - none
żewwieqa	sg - f - none
mitilgħat	pl - none - none
teptip	coll - m - none
taqqabin	pl - none - none
ħabbilin	pl - none - none
mammiferu	sg - m - none
terroristika	sg - f - none
gerrimin	pl - none - none
aġġornamenti	pl - m - none
żembiħin	pl - none - none
żerżur	sg - m - none
tipp	sg - m - none
qarmiċin	pl - none - none
kontribuzzjoni	sg - f - none
fenditura	sg - f - none
taħxim	sg - m - none
tarrafin	pl - none - none
nittifija	pl - none - none
twaqqita	sg - f - none
ftietaq	pl - none - none
tinqixa	sg - f - none
ċappetta	sg - f - none
fietla	sg - f - none
xehi	sg - m - none
abbandunata	sg - f - none
temgħat	pl - none - none
appassjonati	pl - none - none
skola	sg - f - none
gdejba	sg - f - none
berrikin	pl - none - none
bajjada	sg - f - none
olimpiċi	pl - none - none
għoġġiela	pl - none - none
qalfata	sg - f - none
giddimin	pl - none - none
ottimisti	pl - none - none
dabbari	sg - m - none
ġemġiemi	sg - m - none
barramija	sg - f - none
ħaliba	sg - f - none
beżżul	sg - m - none
gergisin	pl - none - none
taqligħa	sg - f - none
ħalliela	pl - none - none
midwaliet	pl - none - none
dalmija	sg - f - none
mexmixija	sg - f - none
żegżieg	sg - m - none
ċilindriċi	pl - none - none
sakkara	sg - f - none
gandotti	pl - none - none
pupi	pl - none - none
tkabbir	sg - m - none
trattament	sg - m - none
ħtieġa	sg - f - none
rota	sg - f - none
tmażliġa	sg - f - none
għemża	sg - f - none
wellej	sg - m - none
ewlieni	sg - m - none
tbassira	sg - f - none
naddara	none - f - none
fili	sg - m - none
btajjel	pl - none - none
taqtiqa	sg - f - none
tkewtil	coll - m - none
dilettant	sg - m - none
taqbida	sg - f - none
ħaġġieġ	sg - m - none
kliel	pl - none - none
dlam	sg - m - none
żegħidija	pl - none - none
hemmiżin	pl - none - none
bram	coll - none - none
turment	sg - m - none
qtar	coll - m - none
tnikkir	sg - m - none
tħarfixa	sg - f - none
tgawdija	sg - f - none
karatterizzata	sg - f - none
ħxejjex	pl - none - none
semmigħin	pl - none - none
ħanninin	pl - none - none
newwimin	pl - none - none
dhubin	pl - none - none
ġdida	sg - f - none
tferniq	sg - m - none
tifla	sg - f - none
brud	pl - none - none
bellieha	sg - f - none
nagħgħalin	pl - none - none
mifruħin	pl - none - none
milizzja	sg - f - none
meddidija	sg - f - none
gustuż	sg - m - none
żibeġ	coll - none - none
bejbisiter	sg - f - none
gerbibiet	pl - none - none
sulfarina	sg - f - none
tammasa	pl - none - none
politiċi	pl - none - none
marbutin	pl - none - none
qaddiema	pl - none - none
kaħlani	sg - m - none
dann	none - none - none
maħriet	pl - none - none
ħaxximin	pl - none - none
godla	sg - f - none
assigurata	sg - f - none
separat	sg - m - none
tewwimija	pl - none - none
birwina	sg - f - none
kaħlanin	pl - none - none
effettivi	pl - none - none
tagħġil	none - none - none
Naxxarija	sg - f - none
arresti	pl - m - none
emendat	sg - m - none
pari	pl - m - none
zenzien	sg - m - none
kmajmriet	pl - none - none
sriħ	sg - m - none
kefna	sg - f - none
leġittimu	sg - m - none
tbermiċ	sg - m - none
ċentinarja	sg - f - none
mqanżħin	pl - none - none
miskra	sg - f - none
ġermaniżi	pl - none - none
somor	pl - none - none
ddikjarata	sg - f - none
persuni	pl - f - none
qtates	pl - none - none
żepżipa	sg - f - none
bilanċi	pl - none - none
assoċjata	sg - f - none
taħwil	sg - m - none
prinċipali	none - none - none
ċaħħad	sg - m - none
menta	sg - f - none
qroqqa	sg - f - none
bandu	sg - m - none
lajma	sg - f - none
nutara	sg - f - none
ħawħi	sg - f - none
msenen	pl - none - none
kirex	pl - none - none
leffifija	sg - f - none
aġġettiv	sg - m - none
waqfiet	pl - none - none
kantawtriċi	sg - f - none
liebru	sg - m - none
universi	pl - none - none
riċevimenti	pl - none - none
għodda	sg - f - none
xipli	sg - f - none
tibwiqa	sg - f - none
tfellila	sg - f - none
lagħabija	sg - f - none
qoxra	sg - f - none
seħħiet	pl - none - none
fetqa	sg - f - none
tqaċċit	sg - m - none
żargħa	sg - f - none
liġġiema	sg - f - none
ħattama	sg - f - none
dwejma	sg - f - diminutive
ġebbidin	pl - none - none
ingwenti	sg - m - none
twassigħ	sg - m - none
lenbubi	sg - m - none
qaddied	sg - m - none
ħażżarija	sg - f - none
ddeterminat	sg - m - none
proġett	sg - m - none
żarbun	sg - m - none
pjaneta	sg - none - none
heddej	sg - m - none
kennies	sg - m - none
serpentin	sg - m - none
sbejħa	sg - f - none
libsiet	pl - none - none
dawwalin	pl - none - none
wesgħa	sg - f - none
dhubi	sg - m - none
bezzinin	pl - none - none
mielsa	sg - f - none
taqnigħ	sg - m - none
sileżjana	sg - f - none
axtrejs	pl - none - none
ħażżiqin	pl - none - none
tkejjifa	sg - f - none
ġenja	sg - f - none
krietel	pl - none - none
xandarin	pl - m - none
brodu	sg - m - none
kmamar	pl - none - none
ċentinarji	pl - none - none
beżbieża	sg - f - none
ħaddarin	pl - none - none
alfabetika	sg - f - none
qabbieża	sg - f - none
kebb	sg - m - none
dormitorju	sg - m - none
tikjin	sg - m - none
għana	sg - m - none
ekkleżjastiku	sg - m - none
xermidija	pl - none - none
salva	sg - f - none
tebbigħin	pl - none - none
biki	sg - m - none
seffieħa	pl - none - none
debbinin	pl - none - none
ħobla	sg - f - none
ħabel	sg - m - none
tisfira	sg - f - none
qallut	sg - m - none
terriħija	sg - f - none
mazzettuni	pl - none - none
tħarbita	sg - f - none
tqajjima	sg - f - none
nemlun	sg - m - none
għabbiexi	sg - m - none
qarrasin	pl - none - none
appostolika	sg - f - none
dewwiqin	pl - none - none
taqfil	sg - m - none
sħati	pl - none - none
protett	sg - m - none
ħażżiena	sg - f - none
tagħxir	sg - m - none
gerijiet	pl - none - none
tibrin	sg - m - none
dejjieq	sg - m - none
qsit	sg - m - none
lotterija	sg - f - none
taħbiba	sg - f - none
bini	sg - m - none
wejter	sg - m - none
bwejjeb	sg - m - diminutive
kaħwiela	sg - f - none
xadini	pl - none - none
maqsam	sg - m - none
siment	coll - none - none
fundaturi	pl - m - none
spiżjar	sg - m - none
imqaddesa	sg - f - none
twieq	pl - none - none
xfafar	pl - none - none
morfoloġiċi	pl - none - none
ħrib	sg - m - none
skoll	sg - m - none
qażżiżija	pl - none - none
tgħajjira	sg - f - none
tiġgħid	sg - m - none
sabbat	sg - m - none
fejjiedi	sg - m - none
gwida	sg - m - none
meċliqija	pl - none - none
għażeb	sg - m - none
fużjonijiet	pl - f - none
salvaġġa	sg - f - none
ħaljin	pl - none - none
Feniċi	pl - m - none
inkorlati	pl - none - none
tablita	sg - f - none
dehxin	pl - none - none
serduq	sg - m - none
but	sg - m - none
bekkejjin	pl - none - none
negħgħej	sg - m - none
qasdar	sg - m - none
tlanġis	coll - m - none
timriħa	sg - f - none
twennis	sg - m - none
nessejjin	pl - none - none
taħna	sg - f - none
sawwaba	sg - f - none
ipprattikati	pl - none - none
ligi	sg - f - none
tlewwimiet	pl - none - none
mġibiet	pl - none - none
satana	sg - m - none
ħwejġeb	sg - none - diminutive
neħħejja	pl - none - none
sarġ	sg - m - none
milgħab	sg - m - none
familja	sg - f - none
tnehid	sg - m - none
twajriet	pl - none - none
ikla	sg - f - none
qarradin	pl - none - none
tarraġin	pl - none - none
vokali	pl - none - none
qgħad	sg - m - none
żaqqejin	pl - none - none
ġojjieri	pl - none - none
diverġenzi	pl - f - none
ideoloġiċi	pl - none - none
isħaħ	none - none - comparative
tiġlid	none - none - none
teknika	sg - f - none
antisettika	sg - f - none
qanżiħin	pl - none - none
awtentiku	sg - m - none
kok	sg - m - none
tisjiba	sg - f - none
karrab	sg - m - none
wirdiena	sg - f - none
filetts	pl - none - none
ġmigħat	pl - none - none
ħajja	sg - f - none
terroriżmu	sg - m - none
faħxija	sg - f - none
użu	sg - m - none
pranzu	sg - m - none
tikketta	sg - f - none
proverbju	sg - f - none
samta	sg - f - none
wardin	pl - none - none
ċekkiena	sg - f - none
tektikija	sg - f - none
naxxarija	sg - f - none
fettieta	sg - f - none
tekniċi	pl - none - none
mserka	sg - f - none
fhumi	sg - m - none
abbonati	pl - none - none
xarabanks	pl - none - none
taqsira	sg - f - none
tħattima	sg - f - none
tħażżiż	sg - m - none
qasbtejn	dl - none - none
seffifin	pl - none - none
żilġiet	pl - none - none
għażżien	sg - m - none
antisettiku	sg - m - none
ċediment	sg - m - none
tbaskita	sg - f - none
tkarmisa	sg - f - none
teorika	sg - f - none
perċentwali	sg - m - none
sefħa	sg - f - none
passaport	sg - m - none
qima	none - f - none
taħtir	sg - m - none
traffiku	sg - m - none
taqqalija	pl - none - none
tqawwira	sg - f - none
vitamini	pl - none - none
nfafar	pl - none - none
ħarribin	pl - none - none
faqqigħin	pl - none - none
żebliħija	sg - f - none
tiranni	pl - none - none
proċessjoni	sg - f - none
kuċinetta	sg - f - none
ħaddiela	sg - f - none
taħżim	sg - m - none
boroż	pl - none - none
gerfixa	sg - f - none
fassadi	sg - m - none
sewdinija	sg - f - none
bejtiet	pl - none - none
ħabrika	sg - f - none
livell	sg - m - none
Naxxari	sg - m - none
ideali	pl - m - none
tinħiqa	sg - f - none
timrir	sg - m - none
tkarkir	coll - m - none
ħtim	sg - m - none
lejliet	sg - f - none
ftuħija	sg - f - none
boċni	sg - m - none
fejjitin	pl - none - none
twassita	sg - f - none
grazzjuż	sg - m - none
ontoloġiku	sg - m - none
sinjora	sg - f - none
qdejdes	sg - m - none
tidrijiet	pl - none - none
ftejqa	sg - f - diminutive
gradi	pl - m - none
tbarrixa	sg - f - none
probabilistiku	sg - m - none
tqasdir	sg - m - none
nikkitin	pl - none - none
saqwijin	pl - none - none
patrijiet	pl - m - none
tnikkiba	sg - f - none
imperatur	sg - m - none
ġarrafija	sg - f - none
mżiera'	pl - none - none
tappiera	sg - f - none
gergiesa	sg - f - none
peċluq	sg - m - none
mandolin	sg - m - none
mafkar	sg - m - none
ftil	sg - m - none
sammama	pl - none - none
mnieqgħi	pl - none - none
tebgħa	sg - f - none
luterani	pl - none - none
kakaw	sg - f - none
produttiva	sg - f - none
fixkiel	sg - m - none
minfuħin	pl - none - none
taqbid	sg - m - none
kuraġġuża	sg - f - none
każ	sg - m - none
kontroll	sg - m - none
ideat	pl - none - none
mexmixija	pl - none - none
nsiġ	sg - m - none
referi	sg - m - none
nwiel	pl - none - none
metri	pl - m - none
maqtel	sg - m - none
mellejja	sg - f - none
fenditur	sg - m - none
terremot	sg - m - none
riq	coll - m - none
bżieżel	pl - none - none
ingasti	pl - none - none
witi	sg - m - none
nagħġi	sg - m - none
non-diskriminazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
xebh	sg - m - none
lipstiks	pl - none - none
bewwiġin	pl - none - none
ħabrieki	sg - m - none
tisqijiet	pl - none - none
knejnin	pl - none - diminutive
mġiegħda	sg - f - none
sewwiesi	sg - m - none
liżbjana	sg - f - none
eqras	none - none - comparative
ħarbati	sg - m - none
privatizzazzjoni	sg - f - none
ginekoloġisti	pl - none - none
xeblikin	pl - none - none
fondati	pl - none - none
nominali	pl - none - none
maskil	sg - m - none
bexxiexi	sg - m - none
kukkanji	pl - none - none
kustodja	sg - f - none
żerqa	sg - f - none
indjan	sg - m - none
sfajfriet	pl - none - none
bajdana	sg - f - none
kuruni	pl - none - none
togħma	sg - f - none
spettakli	pl - m - none
xemxija	sg - f - none
ċarċir	coll - m - none
sejjifija	pl - none - none
baxxej	sg - m - none
taħbir	sg - m - none
niffieda	none - f - none
textixa	sg - f - none
xarks	pl - none - none
kawza	sg - f - none
ħattitin	pl - none - none
moħriet	sg - m - none
reġistrati	pl - none - none
toroq	pl - none - none
nikbiet	pl - none - none
suppliment	sg - m - none
pinnur	sg - m - none
ġabriet	pl - none - none
trajja	sg - f - none
sintetiku	sg - m - none
tagħwid	sg - m - none
tkexkix	coll - m - none
tlaqliqa	sg - f - none
dandanin	pl - none - none
germgiema	sg - f - none
meħtieġa	sg - f - none
xemnieq	sg - m - none
bużbiżiet	pl - none - none
frieq	pl - none - none
urejċin	pl - none - none
xriħ	sg - m - none
ħaxxinin	pl - none - none
lmenti	pl - none - none
ikkawżat	sg - m - none
menqgħa	dl - f - none
ħawwad	sg - m - none
żibġija	sg - f - none
misla	sg - m - none
tikmixiet	pl - none - none
qarrabija	pl - f - none
żejda	sg - f - none
reliġjuża	sg - f - none
Grieg	sg - m - none
kurpett	sg - m - none
demel	sg - m - none
żejjieti	sg - m - none
ħasriet	pl - none - none
żanżanin	pl - none - none
għaqda	sg - f - none
ftuħ	sg - m - none
ppreżentati	pl - none - none
trakk	sg - m - none
fittiex	sg - m - none
kutuletta	sg - f - none
vjenniż	sg - m - none
żarġina	sg - f - none
bejta	sg - f - none
wileġ	pl - none - none
beżżiela	sg - f - none
issapnar	coll - m - none
laqqaxin	pl - none - none
skedati	pl - none - none
qamrija	sg - f - none
tħammila	sg - f - none
keskiesa	sg - f - none
samsarin	pl - none - none
ispirtu	sg - m - none
wiżna	sg - f - none
demgħa	sg - f - none
sufa	sg - f - none
munzell	sg - m - none
ħarifa	sg - f - none
mewwiġin	pl - none - none
foresta	sg - f - none
riprodotta	sg - f - none
taqdida	sg - f - none
twennisa	sg - f - none
jilħaqilhom	pl - none - none
settembru	sg - m - none
divinitajiet	pl - f - none
ħuttaba	pl - none - none
qallatija	sg - f - none
preċipizzji	pl - none - none
karrakka	sg - f - none
tmergħina	sg - f - none
ħallieq	sg - m - none
hena	sg - f - none
eġizzjan	sg - m - none
utiqin	pl - none - none
koppli	pl - none - none
tfartis	sg - m - none
prijoritajiet	pl - f - none
ġurnali	pl - m - none
taflin	pl - none - none
ġamriet	pl - none - none
webbieni	sg - m - none
slieħi	pl - none - none
firem	pl - none - none
lejla	sg - f - none
tbaħħira	sg - f - none
narraturi	pl - m - none
prezzjużi	pl - none - none
ħarfiex	sg - m - none
kundanni	pl - none - none
xengieli	sg - m - none
saflinija	pl - none - none
konsegwenzi	pl - f - none
ħokom	sg - m - none
verbali	sg - none - none
tilja	sg - f - none
żammarin	pl - none - none
tixdid	sg - m - none
sefsif	coll - m - none
tintifa	sg - f - none
tebqat	pl - none - none
anadar	pl - none - none
laqxija	sg - f - none
sbieħ	pl - none - none
partikulari	sg - f - none
enċiklopedika	sg - f - none
ilma	sg - f - none
rifless	sg - m - none
nassasa	sg - f - none
qrajjen	sg - m - none
saħħara	sg - f - none
samrani	sg - m - none
mħażżen	sg - m - none
kewniet	pl - none - none
ġannatija	sg - f - none
xiwi	sg - m - none
rossa	sg - f - none
ħaxħixin	pl - none - none
mieti	pl - none - none
ishma	pl - none - none
kantiku	sg - m - none
formazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
pudur	sg - m - none
sturdament	sg - m - none
kostituzzjoni	sg - f - none
mgħawġa	sg - f - none
tħaxħixa	sg - f - none
skajskrejper	sg - m - none
sajjetta	sg - f - none
qarabagħlija	sg - f - none
żimlunazz	sg - m - none
realistiċi	pl - none - none
teħlif	sg - m - none
lqigħ	sg - m - none
lenti	sg - f - none
żenninin	pl - none - none
felu	sg - m - none
newwieħa	sg - f - none
tidhiba	sg - f - none
serva	sg - f - none
għaraq	sg - m - none
twajba	sg - f - none
bumunqar	sg - m - none
daqqaq	sg - m - none
ferċieħ	sg - m - none
traduttur	sg - m - none
gastra	sg - f - none
hennejja	pl - none - none
ħatbiet	pl - none - none
irreferejtux	none - none - none
konnessi	pl - none - none
romantiċi	pl - none - none
persekuzzjoni	sg - f - none
nġies	none - none - none
għeri	sg - m - none
xefaq	sg - m - none
warradin	pl - none - none
qfieli	pl - none - none
kappillani	pl - none - none
qnatar	pl - none - none
terriħin	pl - none - none
qajd	none - m - none
matnazza	sg - f - none
ejbes	none - none - comparative
banketta	pl - none - none
prima	sg - f - none
kalmanta	sg - f - none
biċċiera	pl - none - none
krib	sg - m - none
miljun	sg - m - none
ġegħiedi	sg - m - none
żawran	sg - m - none
tħamila	sg - f - none
tisriġa	sg - f - none
takka	sg - f - none
tbambil	sg - m - none
ġonġituri	pl - none - none
saġġara	pl - none - none
tawes	sg - m - none
taffejja	pl - none - none
bewwiesa	sg - f - none
kkaratterizzata	sg - f - none
għaraġ	sg - m - none
ħallief	sg - m - none
unita	sg - f - none
laqliqin	pl - none - none
indjana	sg - f - none
mġiebed	pl - none - none
taħġiba	sg - f - none
ġriewi	pl - none - none
elett	sg - m - none
buri	sg - m - none
sħajba	sg - f - none
tislija	sg - f - none
ħtija	sg - f - none
nibxa	sg - f - none
arbitra	sg - f - none
blogg	sg - m - none
bużnannu	sg - m - none
protestanta	sg - f - none
kompluta	sg - f - none
politika	sg - f - none
għatba	sg - f - none
ġwienaħ	pl - none - none
mowbajl	sg - m - none
anitpast	sg - m - none
qawwejjin	pl - none - none
pesisa	sg - f - none
mejjieli	sg - m - none
fassala	sg - f - none
tarrafin	pl - none - none
rkoppa	sg - f - none
bilanċjati	pl - none - none
nemusa	sg - f - none
blanzuni	pl - none - none
malvizz	pl - none - none
kapaċitajiet	pl - f - none
demokratiċi	pl - none - none
ħaxliefi	sg - m - none
tinqisa	sg - f - none
nervużi	pl - none - none
kejjieta	sg - f - none
tiżjiża	sg - f - none
tferkix	sg - m - none
matematika	sg - f - none
ġagħdija	sg - f - none
fissirin	pl - none - none
moda	sg - f - none
sehwiena	pl - none - none
differenti	none - none - none
xamm	sg - m - none
ħżiq	sg - m - none
qsajjam	sg - m - none
dewwiebi	sg - m - none
qajjied	sg - m - none
isfaq	none - none - comparative
seksief	sg - m - none
emozzjoni	sg - f - none
sintetiċi	pl - none - none
għażżiena	sg - f - none
geżwieri	sg - m - none
presidenza	sg - f - none
tellieqa	sg - f - none
ċawlu 	sg - m - none
qarradin	pl - none - none
parank	sg - m - none
armar	sg - m - none
messiesa	sg - f - none
ħajt	coll - m - none
perkussjonijiet	pl - f - none
grafiċi	pl - none - none
żejża	sg - f - none
san	sg - m - none
vokabularji	pl - none - none
sħaħar	pl - none - none
ruxxan	sg - m - none
ħassarin	pl - none - none
nżuli	sg - m - none
membru	sg - m - none
tmiema	sg - f - none
midwala	sg - f - none
naffar	sg - m - none
kwistjonijiet	pl - f - none
kelbunazz	sg - m - none
siġġu	sg - m - none
fwejħa	sg - f - diminutive
miksba	sg - f - none
pilloli	pl - none - none
ċuċun	sg - m - none
Għawdxi	sg - m - none
żnidiet	pl - none - none
btura	sg - f - none
widna	sg - f - none
televiżiv	sg - m - none
gramm	sg - m - none
tfiddid	sg - m - none
tmaxxit	sg - m - none
laqqatiet	pl - none - none
tirranija	sg - f - none
sider	sg - m - none
katlettuż	sg - m - none
katalani	pl - none - none
il-Ħadd	sg - m - none
duriet	pl - none - none
bewla	sg - f - none
estasi	sg - f - none
sejjibija	pl - none - none
sport	sg - m - none
tidjin	sg - m - none
tixpip	sg - m - none
saħħaqija	sg - f - none
ridikolu	sg - m - none
pittur	sg - m - none
kuluri	pl - m - none
finti	pl - none - none
żarrada	pl - none - none
żellieqa	sg - f - none
għerf	sg - m - none
soluzzjoni	sg - f - none
sakkarija	pl - none - none
xebba	sg - f - none
tewja	sg - f - none
tbiegħa	sg - f - none
tkissira	sg - f - none
tgħafliġ	sg - m - none
miraklu	sg - m - none
teoloġiku	sg - m - none
qarrara	pl - none - none
ġiżja	sg - f - none
pinta	sg - f - none
ġellieda	sg - f - none
saddiedi	sg - m - none
żemmilija	pl - none - none
spostament	sg - m - none
ġelbinin	pl - none - none
sgħajla	sg - f - none
kummissjonijiet	pl - f - none
ksuħati	pl - none - none
sidri	sg - m - none
għaqqux	sg - m - none
sinċiera	sg - f - none
bettiħin	pl - none - none
kowċis	pl - m - none
qallibija	pl - none - none
avvent	sg - m - none
mġiebel	pl - none - none
palmieri	pl - none - none
assistiti	pl - none - none
trendijiet	pl - none - none
tibsim	sg - m - none
ċkejknin	pl - none - none
furji	pl - none - none
sulluzzi	pl - none - none
żinjin	pl - none - none
taqxira	sg - f - none
buffu	sg - m - none
ġibs	coll - m - none
ħnejja	sg - f - none
tifwiġa	sg - f - none
tberrina	sg - f - none
ħarrifin	pl - none - none
numrujiet	pl - f - none
teptipija	sg - f - none
dettalji	pl - none - none
tiżkira	sg - f - none
tbellih	sg - m - none
tħabbiriet	pl - none - none
tbejjina	sg - f - none
etniċi	pl - none - none
niġġies	sg - m - none
inċirajjet	pl - none - none
tfaħħiriet	pl - none - none
ġarrada	sg - f - none
bidjien	sg - m - none
bergħud	sg - m - none
Kattoliku	sg - m - none
petpiet	sg - m - none
nawwara	sg - f - none
tifkik	sg - m - none
ġewżiet	pl - none - none
barrada	sg - f - none
gawdju	sg - m - none
tqellil	sg - m - none
fejjiqin	pl - none - none
tqaxqix	coll - m - none
kiewi	sg - m - none
serju	sg - m - none
brikkun	sg - m - none
dandani	sg - m - none
kirurgi	pl - none - none
innijiet	pl - none - none
fessuda	sg - f - none
bżariet	pl - none - none
żvantaġġ	sg - m - none
intrapriżi	pl - none - none
ċellieq	sg - m - none
sbieħ	sg - m - none
seksifija	sg - f - none
ħaten	sg - m - none
sabbarija	pl - none - none
imħeġġeġ	sg - m - none
tebbigħija	pl - none - none
stabbilita	sg - f - none
missjoni	sg - f - none
berfilin	pl - none - none
żewwiqija	sg - f - none
tiskit	sg - m - none
mgħaxxa	sg - f - none
feddejja	sg - f - none
ħassibin	pl - none - none
faqgħa	sg - f - none
qares	sg - m - none
bellusin	pl - none - none
tektieki	sg - m - none
salvereġini	pl - none - none
popolata	sg - f - none
beżżilin	pl - none - none
kobob	pl - none - none
tgeddil	sg - m - none
salmuri	pl - none - none
liżmin	pl - none - none
qawsalla	sg - f - none
qoħta	none - f - none
tixjiħ	sg - m - none
niffdin	pl - none - none
lehimija	sg - f - none
nikkirija	pl - none - none
fallazija	sg - f - none
tebgħat	pl - none - none
porzjoni	pl - none - none
żafżfa	sg - f - none
mifruħ	sg - m - none
riferuta	sg - f - none
mutalgħat	pl - none - none
mċamprin	pl - none - none
faqsija	sg - f - none
nazzjonaliżmi	pl - m - none
żebbilin	pl - none - none
qalil	sg - m - none
żan	pl - none - none
konvinzjoni	sg - f - none
karikaturi	pl - f - none
derrejja	sg - f - none
baħra	sg - f - none
titbin	sg - m - none
mesliħija	sg - f - none
dwejmiet	pl - none - diminutive
lagħabin	pl - none - none
fallazi	sg - m - none
deċiża	sg - f - none
editorjali	pl - m - none
beżbieżi	sg - m - none
samrotti	pl - none - none
trakkijiet	pl - m - none
uffiċjali	pl - m - none
ingwenti	pl - none - none
qejjimin	pl - none - none
sewwej	sg - m - none
werriċin	pl - none - none
therrir	sg - m - none
mċafċfin	pl - none - none
sekkieka	sg - f - none
tiżbiġa	sg - f - none
karì	sg - m - none
kamrier	sg - m - none
wildiet	pl - none - none
tinkiba	sg - f - none
nagħġija	sg - f - none
ħajbur	sg - m - none
bukkuni	pl - none - none
tidlik	sg - m - none
tfettil	sg - m - none
tqawwisa	sg - f - none
poxtijiet	pl - none - none
tibwiq	sg - m - none
tidwiba	pl - none - none
islamiċi	pl - none - none
newb	sg - m - none
daħħalin	pl - none - none
gelgul	sg - m - none
qaħqiħin	pl - none - none
inkapaċità	sg - f - none
rukkell	sg - m - none
tisniġa	sg - f - none
ġerrejja	sg - f - none
teħdila	sg - f - none
tkabrisa	sg - f - none
relattiviżmu	sg - m - none
tira	sg - f - none
emmiena	sg - f - none
milgħaqa	sg - f - none
ċifri	pl - f - none
faħħamin	pl - none - none
fewwieqa	sg - f - none
pellegrin	sg - m - none
ħrubi	sg - m - none
forzi	pl - f - none
tnajjir	sg - m - none
kagħwixija	pl - none - none
provi	pl - f - none
bejbisiters	pl - none - none
serriġija	pl - none - none
tħarira	sg - f - none
najtklabbs	pl - none - none
tfassiliet	pl - none - none
newbi	sg - m - none
eccellenza	sg - f - none
opponent	sg - m - none
abitati	pl - m - none
anglikan	sg - m - none
gerrief	sg - m - none
ħattara	sg - f - none
ħaxix	coll - m - none
għoxx	sg - m - none
għarbiel	sg - m - none
invitata	sg - f - none
ħarrief	sg - m - none
sala	sg - f - none
ġdiem	sg - m - none
vigarju	sg - m - none
ċoff	sg - m - none
tiżwil	sg - m - none
midra	sg - f - none
fotokopji	pl - none - none
lampa	sg - f - none
salib	sg - m - none
fxiefex	pl - none - none
trejjiq	sg - m - none
xwieki	pl - none - none
vantaġġjuża	sg - f - none
kkonsagrata	sg - f - none
ħdura	sg - f - none
tiġbila	sg - f - none
benġilija	sg - f - none
qisin	pl - none - none
ingroppi	pl - none - none
qasta	sg - f - none
tingiż	sg - m - none
wegħrija	sg - f - none
qabs	coll - m - none
nidmin	pl - none - none
tinjir	sg - m - none
ħotbi	sg - m - none
tikxifa	sg - f - none
portugiżi	pl - none - none
qżuża	pl - none - none
diskursati	pl - f - none
ġenerat	sg - m - none
għadbiet	pl - none - none
grotot	pl - none - none
xorti	pl - none - none
tattiċi	pl - none - none
sħajna	pl - none - none
ċiviku	sg - m - none
garrajja	pl - none - none
kuban	sg - m - none
ipotekijiet	pl - none - none
tidkir	sg - m - none
purganti	sg - m - none
żenninija	sg - f - none
baslin	pl - none - none
sawwabija	pl - none - none
moderna	sg - f - none
fisdiet	pl - none - none
ħarr	sg - m - none
irreferew	none - none - none
relatati	pl - none - none
romblijiet	pl - none - none
estensjonijiet	pl - f - none
prefazju	sg - m - none
kubrit	sg - m - none
xemniq	sg - m - none
sprejs	pl - none - none
dehhisin	pl - none - none
korijiet	pl - m - none
midfen	sg - m - none
kommozzjonijiet	pl - none - none
diskli	pl - none - none
ħruqin	pl - none - none
rokits	pl - none - none
ntiena	sg - f - none
tkagħbir	sg - m - none
paraxut	sg - f - none
użufrutt	sg - m - none
installazzjonijiet	pl - none - none
baqqara	sg - f - none
żekżieki	sg - m - none
deċiżi	pl - none - none
akkużat	sg - m - none
darsa	sg - f - none
ċappasin	pl - none - none
libertà	sg - f - none
waqfien	sg - m - none
barradija	sg - f - none
maxturi	pl - none - none
ċirklu	sg - m - none
nom	sg - m - none
azzarin	sg - m - none
isforz	sg - m - none
snin	pl - none - none
lfiq	sg - m - none
tqarrif	sg - m - none
kollettiv	sg - m - none
romblaturi	sg - none - none
perikolużi	pl - none - none
deffies	sg - m - none
tħejjiba	sg - f - none
servej	sg - m - none
fassad	sg - m - none
silwett	sg - m - none
ħażżinija	sg - f - none
tibżil	sg - m - none
ġegħieda	sg - f - none
ħażna	sg - f - none
skorti	pl - none - none
pixkaturi	pl - none - none
triħ	sg - m - none
anonimità	sg - f - none
sibbikin	pl - none - none
ortodossa	sg - f - none
telfien	sg - m - none
kewkbi	sg - m - none
żiffiet	pl - none - none
mtieraq	pl - none - none
jassar	sg - m - none
firroll	sg - m - none
senter	sg - m - none
mistieden	sg - m - none
ħatem	sg - m - none
foġġa	sg - f - none
sidrija	sg - f - none
ħaxxun	sg - m - none
ambaxxata	sg - f - none
tqarrib	sg - m - none
sallabija	pl - none - none
sarrafin	pl - none - none
nassabija	pl - none - none
saħħana	sg - f - none
żagħżugħ	sg - m - none
ħarsa	sg - f - none
infiniti	pl - none - none
naqxa	sg - f - none
newwieħ	sg - m - none
qabar	sg - m - none
ħmil	sg - m - none
qaddimija	sg - f - none
probabilistiċi	pl - none - none
immirat	sg - m - none
kkaratterizzat	sg - m - none
gniedes	pl - none - none
ħaqq	sg - m - none
tikek	pl - none - none
tisfir	sg - m - none
ambizzjonijiet	pl - none - none
qoffina	sg - f - none
siefla	sg - f - none
sfida	sg - f - none
benniet	pl - none - none
mitika	sg - f - none
titli	pl - m - none
fletts	pl - none - none
kejjilin	pl - none - none
żergħija	sg - f - none
mellej	sg - m - none
qassiesa	sg - f - none
tarfin	pl - none - none
tqajjida	sg - f - none
proviżjon	sg - m - none
viti	pl - none - none
aranċati	pl - none - none
riċetti	pl - none - none
weqfin	pl - none - none
titmima	sg - f - none
bikrija	sg - f - none
ġibjuni	pl - none - none
laburisti	pl - none - none
merriħin	pl - none - none
waqqata	pl - none - none
zija	sg - f - none
rivalitajiet	pl - f - none
mannara	sg - f - none
għaġla	sg - f - none
qawqib	coll - m - none
qerridija	pl - none - none
ċedimenti	pl - none - none
żball	sg - m - none
taqqal	sg - m - none
qolliet	pl - none - none
mazzett	sg - m - diminutive
naspla	sg - f - none
samsarija	sg - f - none
lefliefi	sg - m - none
sejjibija	sg - f - none
qarnija	pl - none - none
ħaġriet	pl - none - none
tikfin	sg - m - none
ċuċeski	pl - none - none
mzekzka	pl - none - none
tfaħħil	sg - m - none
tlaleb	pl - none - none
żerq	none - m - none
prefazjoni	sg - f - none
ġuri	sg - m - none
konfoffa	sg - f - none
sjuf	pl - none - none
bajtrin	pl - none - none
tammarin	pl - none - none
ħtiena	sg - f - none
ristrett	sg - m - none
tbaqbiqa	sg - f - none
farraġ	sg - m - none
fiswin	pl - none - none
banka	sg - f - none
palel	pl - none - none
ċrajtiet	pl - none - none
dehhieba	sg - f - none
żoni	pl - f - none
nokkli	pl - none - none
tqarris	sg - m - none
bbażata	sg - f - none
qbejżiet	pl - none - none
kożmiku	sg - m - none
kieni	sg - m - none
qassar	sg - m - none
qaħqiħija	sg - f - none
selliħija	pl - none - none
dxix	coll - m - none
afdar	sg - m - none
wiġba	sg - f - none
bużżieqa	sg - f - none
ġemmilin	sg - none - none
nikkirija	sg - f - none
dhura	sg - f - none
ċpiepet	pl - none - none
ħattitija	sg - f - none
faqsi	sg - m - none
persunali	pl - none - none
dakkarin	pl - none - none
konservattiv	sg - m - none
tħannix	sg - m - none
loker	sg - m - none
qomqom	none - m - none
tiflil	sg - m - none
dewwieqi	sg - m - none
kejjieti	sg - m - none
fanatiżmu	sg - m - none
tifun	sg - m - none
ġemgħa	sg - f - none
lehmat	pl - none - none
titwija	sg - f - none
indipendenti	none - none - none
ħażżieq	sg - m - none
tnaqqiba	sg - f - none
intenzjonata	sg - f - none
deterministiku	sg - m - none
sentenzi	pl - f - none
tinfid	sg - m - none
messies	sg - m - none
nabi	sg - m - none
trinek	pl - none - none
bażbażin	pl - none - none
sedqiet	pl - none - none
taffalin	pl - none - none
ċiċriet	pl - none - none
għaxwiet	pl - none - none
ħettiefa	sg - f - none
żennieni	sg - m - none
felħin	pl - none - none
barbikjuws	pl - none - none
okkupat	sg - m - none
wassalija	pl - none - none
daffar	sg - m - none
tixriba	sg - f - none
sebbiqin	pl - none - none
valzi	pl - none - none
letlieti	sg - m - none
senniġija	pl - none - none
twerwir	coll - m - none
qrejjaq	pl - none - none
baqqata	pl - none - none
qabbuż	sg - m - none
latin	sg - m - none
żejjieni	sg - m - none
nifs	sg - m - none
maġġoranza	sg - f - none
tiġrib	sg - m - none
terroristiċi	pl - none - none
xmajjar	pl - none - none
altar	sg - m - none
tpaqpiq	coll - m - none
riħ	sg - m - none
fenka	sg - f - none
pastażuni	pl - none - none
vokali	sg - f - none
naħliet	pl - none - none
xieref	sg - m - none
kappillan	sg - m - none
estradizzjoni	sg - f - none
żdingati	pl - none - none
telfiet	pl - none - none
ibleq	sg - m - none
pitturi	pl - m - none
qatla	sg - f - none
tikriba	sg - f - none
atti	pl - m - none
botta	sg - f - none
naqnuqa	sg - f - none
tallab	sg - m - none
qaffasin	pl - none - none
beżżilin	pl - none - none
tqammit	sg - m - none
sensar	sg - m - none
lħejjeħ	sg - m - none
ferneżija	sg - f - none
agunija	sg - f - none
demmilin	pl - none - none
skjett	sg - m - none
tikbisa	sg - f - none
żaqqa	sg - f - none
sebbiela	sg - f - none
nisġa	sg - f - none
sostitwiti	pl - none - none
sejjifin	pl - none - none
debbieni	sg - m - none
qadjiet	pl - none - none
rikatti	pl - none - none
fsied	sg - m - none
nejjin	pl - none - none
demonji	pl - none - none
mwielda	sg - f - none
riżorsa	sg - f - none
kollettiv	sg - m - none
waqqatija	sg - f - none
tfaqqis	sg - m - none
tizwiqa	sg - f - none
żeġġiġija	pl - none - none
sejjiesi	sg - m - none
barbaru	sg - m - none
frisk	sg - m - none
avventura	sg - f - none
ferċiħin	pl - none - none
żunżan	sg - m - none
msejjeb	pl - none - none
nassasi	sg - m - none
towsts	pl - none - none
mekkanik	sg - f - none
għammieqa	pl - none - none
ventilatur	sg - m - none
simpatija	sg - f - none
ragħajja	sg - f - none
tberdil	sg - m - none
prattiku	sg - m - none
taqriq	sg - m - none
sinjali	pl - m - none
ħażżimija	sg - f - none
werqat	pl - none - none
tifriġa	sg - f - none
xaqlibin	pl - none - none
skitin	pl - none - none
elettronika	sg - f - none
telliefi	sg - m - none
sellitija	sg - f - none
innovattiva	sg - f - none
trasferimenti	pl - m - none
kifsa	sg - f - none
vultaġġ	sg - m - none
ġigġifogu	sg - m - none
balla	sg - f - none
alloġġ	sg - m - none
infinit	sg - m - none
dispjaċiri	pl - none - none
sovrana	sg - f - none
sagħqa	sg - f - none
mċampra	sg - f - none
tiwi	sg - m - none
zappunara	sg - f - none
mewwieġa	sg - f - none
ingwanta	sg - f - none
lgħaq	sg - m - none
tertux	sg - none - none
kilba	sg - f - none
ħabi	sg - m - none
maskara	sg - f - none
tferkin	none - none - none
kazzola	sg - f - none
żbaljata	sg - f - none
diżastru	sg - m - none
tibnita	sg - f - none
theddim	sg - m - none
ideoloġika	sg - f - none
golji	pl - none - none
qattiel	sg - m - none
diski	pl - f - none
assistenza	sg - f - none
nafriet	pl - none - none
titmim	sg - m - none
twal	pl - none - none
tifjiq	sg - m - none
belġjan	sg - m - none
numerużi	pl - none - none
fuħħarijiet	pl - none - none
weġġigħija	sg - f - none
tidlila	sg - f - none
żebbiġija	pl - none - none
ballati	sg - m - none
dixx	sg - m - none
azzjoni	sg - f - none
sodi	pl - none - none
katlettuża	sg - f - none
tqattigħ	sg - m - none
paċifista	sg - none - none
godliet	pl - none - none
kompromessi	pl - none - none
utopji	pl - none - none
periti	pl - m - none
babaw	sg - m - none
iben	sg - m - none
jiem	pl - m - none
sarsara	pl - none - none
wellejja	pl - none - none
emozzjonijiet	pl - f - none
leqqinin	pl - none - none
tixgħib	sg - m - none
biżnisis	pl - none - none
mqiti	pl - none - none
privatizzazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
ċekk	sg - m - none
mtajra	sg - f - diminutive
qwieli	sg - m - none
biċċeriji	pl - none - none
tmasħina	sg - f - none
ħarraba	sg - f - none
sensla	sg - f - none
ħaxjiet	pl - none - none
deċisiva	sg - f - none
tuffieħa	sg - f - none
żamburiet	pl - none - none
individwaliżmu	sg - m - none
drastiku	sg - m - none
tegħib	sg - m - none
żrariet	pl - none - none
attiv	sg - m - none
vokazzjoni	sg - f - none
swat	sg - m - none
ħaxi	sg - m - none
tifħil	sg - m - none
tferriqa	sg - f - none
ħammiġin	pl - none - none
tkasbir	coll - m - none
fassadija	sg - f - none
taqwira	sg - f - none
dawwalija	sg - f - none
friski	pl - none - none
beżbież	sg - m - none
irrelevanti	none - none - none
sit	sg - m - none
hemmieżi	sg - m - none
ħammari	sg - m - none
emanċipazzjoni	sg - f - none
manija	sg - f - none
ħassilija	sg - f - none
mintniet	pl - none - none
kettufa	sg - f - none
mxewwxin	pl - none - none
folkloristiku	sg - m - none
ħasda	sg - f - none
sammarija	pl - none - none
żelliġija	pl - none - none
newnin	pl - none - none
twaħħima	sg - f - none
informat	sg - m - none
ħarriġin	pl - none - none
barbetta	sg - f - none
godli	sg - m - none
tidnina	sg - f - none
ġanda	sg - f - none
lablab	sg - m - none
qanċiċin	pl - none - none
qawrin	pl - none - none
partiti	pl - f - none
nej	sg - m - none
tfixkil	sg - m - none
mejl	sg - m - none
lifgħa	sg - f - none
mxawwat	sg - m - none
poemi	pl - f - none
sponża	sg - f - none
korruzzjoni	sg - f - none
ġebbiesa	sg - f - none
akkanita	sg - f - none
dewwieqa	sg - f - none
sangata	sg - f - none
ħafa	sg - f - none
żokriet	pl - none - none
burdelluża	sg - f - none
faqqari	sg - m - none
tferniqa	sg - f - none
dekdik	none - none - none
tiġjifa	sg - f - none
mqades	pl - none - none
kaġun	sg - m - none
xtilliera	sg - f - none
qarrabi	sg - m - none
niexef	sg - m - none
investigazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
waqqiegħ	sg - m - none
qanċieċ	sg - m - none
sufanijiet	pl - none - none
muskolu	sg - m - none
kebbixija	sg - f - none
stoffa	sg - f - none
tektukija	sg - f - none
sarwila	sg - f - none
kebbibin	pl - none - none
drammatiku	sg - m - none
permanenti	sg - m - none
omiċidji	pl - none - none
battal	sg - m - none
irrekordjati	pl - none - none
ġbara	sg - f - none
smajrin	pl - none - none
motivazzjoni	sg - f - none
tqassib	sg - m - none
tertuxa	sg - f - none
tisbita	sg - f - none
ġegħelija	sg - f - none
tqajla	pl - none - none
ġeografiċi	pl - none - none
gergiesi	sg - m - none
dollaru	sg - m - none
timxita	sg - f - none
nar	sg - m - none
manwali	pl - none - none
kwadrata	sg - f - none
lewwiqin	sg - f - none
nittiefa	sg - f - none
tkeffina	sg - f - none
qdumija	sg - f - none
tilwiħa	sg - f - none
separata	sg - f - none
salti	pl - none - none
debbiel	sg - m - none
vantaġġ	sg - m - none
tagħlif	sg - m - none
tgelgil	sg - m - none
forġa	sg - f - none
mewwiesa	sg - f - none
gerfixija	sg - f - none
żenniena	sg - f - none
kor	sg - m - none
faġġarin	pl - none - none
seffiqin	pl - none - none
naħjiet	pl - none - none
tixjit	sg - m - none
fettiqija	sg - f - none
nemxa	sg - f - none
sewwies	sg - m - none
qdajma	pl - none - none
qarrada	sg - f - none
parlati	pl - none - none
kritiku	sg - m - none
espressiv	sg - m - none
taqbila	sg - f - none
dwiem	sg - m - none
niggiżin	pl - none - none
xettika	sg - f - none
identifikat	sg - m - none
ilħna	pl - none - none
sensila	sg - f - none
qammasiet	pl - none - none
riferut	sg - m - none
fellej	sg - m - none
seffieda	sg - f - none
tonsilla	sg - f - none
lħiq	sg - m - none
krudili	none - none - none
theżżiżiet	pl - none - none
messiet	pl - none - none
rimi	pl - none - none
fiergħa	pl - none - none
dgħajsa	sg - f - none
ħali	sg - m - none
laqgħat	pl - none - none
qarrabin	pl - none - none
bżiequ	sg - m - none
nagħgħasija	pl - none - none
gawwijiet	pl - none - none
werrixin	pl - none - none
naħħar	sg - m - none
ġganteski	pl - none - none
sarramija	pl - none - none
buwa	sg - f - none
titlijiet	pl - none - none
għaqid	sg - m - none
studjużi	pl - none - none
tbaxxija	sg - f - none
bellusa	sg - f - none
ħfir	sg - m - none
tqajjir	sg - m - none
utiqiet	pl - none - none
star	sg - m - none
implikata	sg - f - none
usejgħat	pl - none - none
ġehieża	sg - f - none
maltemp	sg - m - none
diversa	sg - f - none
livelli	pl - m - none
ħut	coll - none - none
xwejjaħ	sg - m - diminutive
bgħida	sg - f - none
rozz	sg - m - none
għotja	sg - f - none
sagħtri	sg - m - none
qrajniet	pl - none - none
tberfil	sg - m - none
titriq	sg - m - none
rużarju	sg - m - none
qasbi	sg - m - none
baħbuħ	sg - m - none
kampanji	pl - f - none
drammatika	sg - f - none
tarraża	sg - f - none
żina	none - f - none
tibsis	sg - m - none
ktir	sg - m - none
garżi	pl - none - none
daħħala	sg - f - none
qarmiċija	pl - none - none
raġġ	sg - m - none
ħartiet	pl - none - none
ġirasoli	pl - none - none
ximpanziji	pl - none - none
tibligħ	sg - m - none
sensi	pl - m - none
żembiħin	pl - none - none
ċwajla	sg - f - diminutive
wiċċini	pl - none - none
żarżarin	pl - none - none
tisjita	sg - f - none
qtil	sg - m - none
gidmiet	pl - none - none
rgenn	sg - m - none
anzjana	sg - f - none
ħatra	sg - f - none
xettiċi	pl - none - none
sejjisin	pl - none - none
xirka	sg - f - none
esibizzjoni	sg - m - none
teknoloġiji	pl - f - none
ħarriġin	pl - none - none
tewħix	sg - m - none
żerżieq	none - m - none
dawwali	sg - m - none
tibqir	sg - m - none
tanbur	sg - m - none
temmiegħ	sg - m - none
W.C.	sg - m - none
skeletru	sg - m - none
maħmieħi	sg - m - none
formoli	pl - none - none
ħabqiet	pl - none - none
tfaqqira	sg - f - none
werċi	pl - none - none
nassarin	pl - none - none
frak	coll - m - none
kundanna	sg - f - none
muswafin	pl - none - none
bust	sg - m - none
regolamenti	pl - m - none
xugaman	sg - m - none
nuqqas	sg - m - none
fjakkli	pl - none - none
ġabbarin	pl - none - none
ħassibin	pl - none - none
aċċessi	pl - m - none
kulurit	sg - m - none
distretti	pl - m - none
mekkaniżmu	sg - m - none
pastard	sg - m - none
teffigħija	sg - f - none
palmipeda	sg - f - none
mewwies	sg - m - none
tbaqqita	sg - f - none
ħinijiet	pl - m - none
vulnerabbiltajiet	pl - none - none
ħolmiet	pl - none - none
armat	sg - m - none
faħħala	sg - f - none
petpitin	pl - none - none
kamrot	sg - m - none
dramm	sg - m - none
wensija	pl - none - none
laqliqin	pl - none - none
strutturi	pl - none - none
teoriku	sg - m - none
ħsieb	sg - m - none
kartonċini	pl - none - none
beżżieqa	sg - f - none
tnaqqis	sg - m - none
tnegħim	sg - m - none
forza	sg - f - none
leġittima	sg - f - none
tarraġija	pl - none - none
naqqaj	sg - m - none
tnegħil 	sg - m - none
tarbiċa	sg - f - none
gogils	pl - none - none
lsajjar	sg - m - diminutive
xalpa	sg - f - none
skieti	sg - m - none
maġiji	pl - f - none
sejjieba	pl - none - none
żmattati	pl - none - none
ajkla	sg - f - none
nehidija	pl - none - none
iġmla	pl - none - none
kanun	sg - m - none
spuntati	pl - none - none
qxejriet	pl - none - none
tarrafi	sg - m - none
inutli	pl - none - none
iżolati	pl - none - none
żennejja	sg - f - none
ġagħalin	pl - none - none
tbaħnin	sg - m - none
bhima	sg - f - none
qawwija	pl - none - none
kubrita	sg - f - none
martell	sg - m - none
gabini	pl - none - none
żodjaki	pl - none - none
mismuta	sg - f - none
sultani	sg - m - none
żaqqieq	sg - m - none
kummissarji	pl - m - none
magħżula	pl - none - none
lobbi	sg - m - none
ċċelebrat	sg - m - none
tqasdira	sg - f - none
faqqasi	sg - m - none
tnaqqix	sg - m - none
twaħħida	sg - f - none
paħaħħi	pl - none - none
droga	sg - none - none
perriċija	pl - none - none
fellus	sg - m - none
laħqa	sg - f - none
ferriħija	sg - f - none
dikjarazzjoni	sg - f - none
maqsab	sg - none - none
kemmidin	pl - none - none
mudlam	sg - m - none
vampa	sg - f - none
punti	pl - m - none
barraġa	sg - f - none
ħbit	sg - m - none
ċuplajsat	pl - none - none
insistenza	sg - f - none
saqqafin	pl - none - none
kumplimenti	pl - none - none
sejjief	sg - m - none
buriet	pl - none - none
fjammingi	pl - none - none
finit	sg - m - none
ħarbatin	pl - none - none
mansab	sg - m - mimated
safa	sg - f - none
għassiesa	sg - f - none
tiklil	sg - m - none
ballun	sg - m - none
metaforiċi	pl - none - none
lissinin	pl - none - none
grif	sg - m - none
żerżiqa	sg - f - none
sufin	pl - none - none
dimensjonijiet	pl - f - none
smejna	sg - f - none
btajniet	pl - none - diminutive
ġamra	sg - f - none
waddabin	pl - none - none
tislif	sg - m - none
bruda	sg - f - none
depożitu	sg - m - none
pantor	sg - m - none
tbissima	sg - f - none
ħaruf	sg - m - none
għakka	sg - f - none
zejjizin	pl - none - none
tfelfila	sg - f - none
żagħżugħa	sg - f - none
satran	sg - m - none
saħħaq	sg - m - none
tnoffija	sg - f - none
ħattitin	pl - none - none
ħattar	sg - m - none
żargħat	pl - none - none
ħribijiet	pl - none - none
fottituri	pl - none - none
pilandri	pl - none - none
ekkleżjastika	sg - f - none
pornografika	sg - f - none
tismigħa	sg - f - none
lħejħin	pl - none - none
dehixin	pl - none - none
fiddien	sg - m - none
splodut	sg - m - none
tixmir	sg - m - none
ħwejla	sg - f - diminutive
ċamata	sg - f - none
ftieta	sg - f - none
effetwat	sg - m - none
but	sg - m - none
għażżenin	pl - none - none
bikkimin	pl - none - none
dogmatiċi	pl - none - none
taħnik	sg - m - none
qarraba	sg - f - none
affari	sg - f - none
antisettiċi	pl - none - none
unjonijiet	pl - f - none
farraġi	sg - m - none
intenzjonijiet	pl - f - none
dibattitu	sg - m - none
eżotiċi	pl - none - none
sess	sg - m - none
żegħieli	sg - m - none
mrietel	pl - none - none
fassada	sg - f - none
buffuni	pl - none - none
spag	coll - none - none
irrispettat	sg - m - none
prodott	sg - m - none
kuġina	sg - f - none
sangisuga	sg - f - none
tqaddisa	sg - f - none
żagħfir	coll - m - none
tifriħ	sg - m - none
xaħxieħa	pl - none - none
awla	sg - f - none
fradal	pl - none - none
brittanika	sg - f - none
nemsa	sg - f - none
persekuzzjonijiet	pl - f - none
toħlija	sg - f - none
tberika	sg - f - none
tibwis	sg - m - none
beżgħat	pl - none - none
tartri	pl - none - none
stennijiet	pl - none - none
bewwiqin	pl - none - none
kumbinazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
watja	pl - none - none
maġġoranzi	pl - f - none
tilbis	sg - m - none
kamp	sg - m - none
zappatur	sg - m - none
ġonot	pl - none - none
kartun	sg - m - none
proprjetà	sg - f - none
mderwxa	sg - f - none
dagħmiem	sg - m - none
vendetti	pl - none - none
emendati	pl - none - none
baqbieqa	sg - f - none
magna	sg - f - none
tmexmix	coll - m - none
ewkaristika	sg - f - none
ġontatura	sg - m - none
tiżbigħa	sg - f - none
qaddimin	pl - none - none
spostamenti	pl - m - none
tmeċliq	coll - m - none
għawi	sg - m - none
ġergħa	sg - f - none
berriedi	sg - m - none
estiża	sg - f - none
intrita	coll - f - none
għoqod	pl - none - none
miġnen	sg - f - none
kapitlu	sg - m - none
tenfix	coll - m - none
mlebleb	sg - m - none
fekrun	sg - m - none
tiftiqa	sg - f - none
nervuża	sg - f - none
titbiba	sg - f - none
riefnu	sg - m - none
xkuma	sg - f - none
oppożizzjoni	sg - f - none
smugħija	sg - f - none
okulista	sg - f - none
bravi	pl - none - none
telgħat	pl - none - none
żimlunazza	pl - none - none
kastiljan	sg - m - none
qaħħabi	sg - m - none
ħabbata	sg - f - none
spiritiera	sg - f - none
żembieħ	sg - m - none
samsara	sg - f - none
ħatu	none - none - none
ħawwadi	sg - m - none
titliq	sg - m - none
tiknisa	sg - f - none
ħabsi	sg - m - none
tħollija	sg - f - none
ċappas	sg - m - none
dahar	sg - m - none
vertikali	none - none - none
segwit	sg - m - none
ħobż	coll - m - none
tlejgħat	pl - none - none
kwoti	pl - none - none
turistika	sg - f - none
rawndebawt	sg - f - none
kabbarija	sg - f - none
ħassieba	sg - f - none
ħafi	sg - m - none
pespies	sg - m - none
dħul	sg - m - none
tgerbiba	sg - f - none
ħbiela	sg - f - none
twar	pl - none - none
ħin	sg - m - none
dehhiesi	sg - m - none
qasab	coll - none - none
epitaffji	pl - none - none
għannej	sg - m - none
naħħaqija	pl - none - none
ħamja	sg - f - none
ħwiel	sg - m - none
tgerrim	sg - m - none
kantini	pl - none - none
gerrieżi	sg - m - none
mixgħula	sg - f - none
qrieweż	pl - none - none
eġizzjana	sg - f - none
widen	sg - m - none
vaganza	sg - f - none
baħrija	sg - f - none
miri	pl - f - none
mellejja	sg - f - none
żorri	pl - none - none
fsiq	sg - m - none
dirsa	sg - f - none
simpożjums	pl - none - none
taħmisa	sg - f - none
preċedenti	none - none - none
kontribuzzjoni	sg - f - none
kxaxen	pl - none - none
żerrieka	sg - f - none
niffieda	none - f - none
ħaxxixin	pl - none - none
ġebbidija	sg - f - none
sewqan	sg - m - none
dundjani	pl - m - none
tgergix	sg - m - none
tbarriġa	sg - f - none
tlebbit	sg - m - none
kumdità	sg - f - none
tużżana	sg - f - none
dehnija	sg - f - none
kapijiet	pl - none - none
sarwal	sg - m - none
dakkar	coll - m - none
lagħqa	sg - f - none
tħammir	sg - m - none
ntietef	pl - none - none
gerrifija	sg - f - none
tibnit	sg - m - none
sarsi	pl - none - none
eroj	pl - none - none
tilbisa	sg - f - none
ġdur	pl - none - none
qxur	pl - none - none
tiġniba	sg - f - none
ġaħġaħ	sg - m - none
inizjattiva	sg - f - none
għerieqeb	pl - none - none
qammasa	sg - f - none
nażalitajiet	pl - none - none
diversitajiet	pl - f - none
arti	sg - f - none
Taljan	sg - m - none
ħanka	sg - f - diminutive
kixfiet	pl - none - none
stadju	sg - m - none
għoqla	sg - f - none
retturi	pl - none - none
ħallifin	pl - none - none
sfuf	pl - none - none
taħġir	sg - m - none
skrapan	pl - none - none
ħlejjin	pl - none - none
keffien	sg - m - none
werrieta	sg - f - none
nassabi	sg - m - none
mejkapps	pl - none - none
mnieqeb	pl - none - none
trajjax	none - none - none
tislim	sg - m - none
stafef	pl - none - none
spiritieri	pl - none - none
utent	sg - m - none
tebbieka	pl - none - none
editur	sg - m - none
qadfiet	pl - none - none
manutenzjonijiet	pl - f - none
xbieha	sg - f - none
samsari	sg - m - none
linka	sg - f - none
fekkieka	sg - f - none
buffun	sg - m - none
farxa	sg - f - none
kantunieri	pl - none - none
viżiva	sg - f - none
detenzjoni	sg - f - none
fewwiqija	sg - f - none
ġeru	sg - m - none
laburisti	pl - none - none
ħaxxejja	sg - f - none
ħawwieli	sg - m - none
serpent	sg - m - none
sinottika	sg - f - none
xieħa	sg - f - none
slik	sg - m - none
deffuna	sg - f - none
lagħbi	sg - m - none
dawwara	sg - f - none
barbarin	pl - none - none
supremazija	sg - f - none
mbaħar	pl - none - none
firxa	sg - f - none
falsifikazzjonijiet	pl - none - none
mostri	pl - none - none
tlebbita	sg - f - none
tfewwiħa	sg - f - none
insolvibbli	none - none - none
awli	pl - f - none
segwenti	none - none - none
orizzont	sg - m - none
rebekkin	sg - m - none
kuprituri	pl - none - none
tbenġiliet	pl - none - none
waddab	sg - m - none
baħbieħa	sg - f - none
lżiem	sg - m - none
pumijiet	pl - none - none
wastin	pl - none - none
tindira	sg - f - none
maħbuba	sg - f - none
approvat	sg - m - none
mexmixin	pl - none - none
żġieġ	coll - m - none
tmewwit	sg - m - none
qriba	sg - f - none
ħaxxixija	sg - f - none
taqrisa	sg - f - none
tmeżmiż	sg - m - none
taqqali	sg - m - none
gowls	pl - m - none
lenza	sg - f - none
koppla	sg - f - none
kisra	sg - f - none
stazzjonarju	sg - m - none
ġawhar	pl - none - none
taħsisa	sg - f - none
mqarar	pl - none - none
emin	sg - m - none
shows	pl - m - none
tagħmir	sg - m - none
bwiel	pl - none - none
fqajra	sg - f - diminutive
bellusija	sg - f - none
poġġaman	sg - m - none
meddied	sg - m - none
sabbari	sg - m - none
brieweż	pl - none - none
tisliħa	sg - f - none
flaġell	sg - m - none
plaggijiet	pl - none - none
kafra	sg - f - none
kontribuzzjonijiet	pl - f - none
tmiżżiża	sg - f - none
intervalli	pl - none - none
msaren	pl - none - none
gerrumija	sg - f - none
zokk	sg - m - none
nawsja	sg - f - none
ddikjarat	sg - m - none
sejf	sg - m - none
korrett	sg - m - none
ċallasija	sg - f - none
serrieda	sg - f - none
tinbixa	sg - f - none
ammessi	pl - none - none
subtropikali	none - none - none
sehim	sg - m - none
żarġuna	sg - f - none
mnieħer	sg - m - none
tballisa	sg - f - none
keffiefa	sg - f - none
riflessjonijiet	pl - f - none
effetwati	pl - none - none
mgħallaq	sg - m - none
dittaturi	pl - m - none
persjana	sg - f - none
eżami	sg - m - none
ċwievet	pl - none - none
żafżafin	pl - none - none
snajja'	pl - none - none
psikoloġiku	sg - m - none
eqżeż	sg - m - comparative
derriesa	sg - f - none
attivist	sg - m - none
benġiel	sg - m - none
finzjonijiet	pl - none - none
ewlieni	sg - m - none
paspari	sg - m - none
tond	sg - m - none
tbaqqija	none - none - none
filtri	pl - none - none
sopop	pl - none - none
tagħlil	sg - m - none
dawwal	sg - m - none
lellux	coll - m - none
taqwis	sg - m - none
qajl	sg - m - none
pinen	pl - none - none
mdiefen	pl - none - none
geżżejja	sg - f - none
ħadra	sg - f - none
missier	sg - m - none
sidrija	sg - f - none
trijanglu	sg - m - none
nanu	sg - m - none
messa	sg - f - none
laqqam	sg - m - none
friskaturi	pl - none - none
amerikani	pl - none - none
baxx	sg - m - none
mazzi	pl - none - none
gabirjoli	pl - none - none
bnina	sg - f - none
teftifija	pl - none - none
żuwologija	sg - f - none
bermieċ	sg - m - none
tnaffid	none - none - none
mewwieġ	sg - m - none
flokk	sg - m - none
dirra	sg - f - none
msagħtar	sg - m - none
bqajrtejn	dl - none - none
mazzettun	sg - m - none
naqqaxija	pl - none - none
smugħin	pl - none - none
żejjien	sg - m - none
lewwimin	pl - none - none
kunjatu	sg - m - none
neddej	sg - m - none
isfra	pl - none - none
lsira	sg - f - none
epidemiji	pl - none - none
mnejħer	sg - m - diminutive
xrif	sg - m - none
salvaviti	pl - none - none
żgħir	sg - m - none
ġuridika	sg - f - none
dritti	pl - none - none
nattivi	pl - none - none
vapur	sg - m - none
ċenċiela	sg - f - none
tiżmira	sg - f - none
assoluti	pl - none - none
pjaċevoli	pl - none - none
kelbin	pl - none - none
previst	sg - m - none
jowgurt	sg - m - none
xgħira	sg - f - none
zijiet	pl - none - none
nawwarin	pl - none - none
kalzrati	pl - none - none
infidila	sg - f - none
nadir	sg - m - none
faġani	pl - none - none
eżatti	pl - none - none
mogħżija	sg - f - none
suprema	sg - f - none
tibliq	sg - m - none
Lhud	pl - m - none
prinjola	sg - f - none
tmewwis	sg - m - none
proposta	sg - f - none
diffikultajiet	pl - f - none
relegazzjoni	sg - f - none
tamiet	pl - none - none
espert	sg - m - none
televiżjonijiet	pl - f - none
varju	sg - m - none
megħieżi	sg - m - none
kejjilija	sg - f - none
qrieqeċ	coll - m - none
qabbiżija	pl - none - none
appostoliku	sg - m - none
sewwied	sg - m - none
temmiet	pl - none - none
tkellima	sg - f - none
taqsisa	sg - f - none
xengulija	pl - none - none
ħmewwa	sg - f - none
lanterna	sg - f - none
partenza	sg - f - none
żajjarija	sg - f - none
rinomati	pl - none - none
mqafel	pl - none - none
sniedi	pl - none - none
brunġiel	coll - none - none
bexkiela	sg - f - none
karrotti	pl - none - none
skiet	sg - m - none
aggressjoni	sg - f - none
delegat	sg - m - none
tixbib	sg - m - none
mwiet	pl - f - none
tarraf	sg - m - none
perċimes	none - none - none
sahartejn	dl - none - none
ħawi	sg - m - none
trajji	pl - none - none
kattar	sg - m - none
tiskir	sg - m - none
soċjalista	sg - f - none
bekkejja	sg - f - none
bjar	pl - none - none
xema'	sg - m - none
dagħdigħin	pl - none - none
tixħim	sg - m - none
daħka	sg - f - none
msakkar	sg - m - none
tinkita	sg - f - none
mutjan	sg - m - none
ħaxlifija	sg - f - none
tfulija	sg - f - none
karattru	sg - m - none
maġmar	sg - m - none
ħliqa	sg - f - none
lsiesi	pl - none - none
mirbuħa	sg - f - none
prevista	sg - f - none
dliel	sg - m - none
żawwalin	pl - none - none
ġemmilija	sg - f - none
naxxarin	pl - none - none
ħaddanin	pl - none - none
wirtiet	pl - none - none
involuta	sg - f - none
stilizzat	sg - m - none
mħażen	pl - none - none
bekkejjiet	pl - none - none
ferfurin	pl - none - none
rabta	sg - f - none
abbonat	sg - m - none
burdellati	pl - none - none
naffarin	pl - none - none
iskandlu	sg - m - none
bejjiegħa	pl - none - none
megħkiet	pl - none - none
uċejjaħ	sg - m - none
keffiena	sg - f - none
lbies	pl - none - none
bibbja	sg - f - none
parallel	sg - m - none
fukran	sg - m - none
stilizzati	pl - none - none
paternalistiċi	pl - none - none
sanzjonat	sg - m - none
nemmieli	sg - m - none
patruni	pl - none - none
żokor	pl - none - none
akwarju	sg - m - none
evoluzzjonijiet	pl - f - none
ajruplan	sg - m - none
bziezen	pl - none - none
sewwej	sg - m - none
bijoloġiċi	pl - none - none
skuter	sg - m - none
mweġġgħa	sg - f - none
qasir	sg - m - none
temim	sg - m - none
senegħtejn	dl - none - none
żnieġel	pl - none - none
ħasranin	pl - none - none
xekxika	sg - f - none
qalza	sg - f - none
tmattir	sg - m - none
emna	sg - f - none
sommarji	pl - m - none
ksur	sg - m - none
fatati	pl - none - none
maħtiet	pl - none - none
qammieli	sg - m - none
ħniena	sg - f - none
pudil	sg - m - none
mtalgħi	pl - none - none
pexpixija	pl - none - none
tkissir	sg - m - none
żiffa	sg - f - none
xhid	sg - m - none
ġerrej	sg - m - none
bewwiġin	pl - none - none
messaġġiera	pl - none - none
appostlu	sg - m - none
sinsla	sg - f - none
sprej	sg - m - none
tbigħ	sg - m - none
saffijiet	pl - none - none
tbaqqiqa	sg - f - none
kollega	sg - m - none
tħabbib	sg - m - none
dogħom	pl - none - none
selliħija	sg - f - none
kwantitajiet	pl - none - none
mħassra	sg - f - none
fajjariet	pl - none - none
standardizzati	pl - none - none
taħris	sg - m - none
kerhieni	sg - m - none
anarkiku	sg - m - none
negħgħeja	sg - f - none
snejdaq	sg - m - none
debba	sg - f - none
messiesi	sg - m - none
skompartiment	sg - m - none
immigrazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
ħarrieba	sg - f - none
wirka	sg - f - none
imżatta	sg - f - none
passji	pl - none - none
daqqaqin	pl - none - none
qerrieda	sg - f - none
tejjiebi	sg - m - none
ħallieqa	pl - none - none
tqarmiċ	coll - m - none
projbizzjonijiet	pl - f - none
tikħil	none - none - none
fettieti	sg - m - none
qaddieda	pl - none - none
tfattira	sg - f - none
felliel	sg - m - none
kollettivi	pl - none - none
lumija	sg - f - none
bajdanin	pl - none - none
ħaxi	sg - m - none
esebizzjoni	sg - f - none
żegħilin	pl - none - none
lenbub	sg - m - none
isaħħar	sg - m - none
qożqoż	none - m - none
sibbieki	sg - m - none
sawrell	sg - m - none
kavatura	sg - f - none
zoppa	sg - f - none
taqjila	sg - f - none
tbaqqiq	sg - m - none
faħħal	sg - m - none
kabord	sg - m - none
għaqqiexa	pl - none - none
grix	sg - m - none
dekorat	sg - m - none
tmaħħira	sg - f - none
żejżiet	pl - none - none
essenza	sg - f - none
toqob	pl - none - none
frattarija	sg - f - none
imperi	pl - m - none
qandiel	sg - m - none
tektika	sg - f - none
ħami	sg - m - none
disprezz	sg - m - none
dissidenta	sg - f - none
ħidmiet	pl - f - none
mistqarrija	sg - f - none
katalgi	pl - none - none
faħħarija	sg - f - none
ħemmiedi	sg - m - none
qluqija	pl - none - none
tħarrib	none - none - none
kewwisin	pl - none - none
foss	sg - m - none
taqliqa	sg - f - none
mqita	sg - f - none
prejjeż	pl - none - none
mħallta	sg - f - none
għerejbel	sg - m - diminutive
ħallat	sg - m - none
sarrafin	pl - none - none
tagħqir	sg - m - none
dojoq	pl - none - none
paraxuts	pl - none - none
teoretiċi	pl - none - none
użinin	pl - none - none
zekziek	sg - m - none
xaqliba	sg - f - none
ajruplani	pl - m - none
diffuża	sg - f - none
xkaffa	sg - f - none
twaħwiħa	sg - f - none
portafolli	pl - none - none
pespisija	pl - none - none
patrijottika	sg - f - none
wadab	sg - m - none
żellumiet	pl - none - none
finezzi	pl - none - none
ċempila	sg - f - none
bellieqi	sg - m - none
tiġribiet	pl - none - none
qożżu	sg - m - none
karatteristiċi	pl - none - none
teoloġiċi	pl - none - none
dwellijiet	pl - none - none
qaċċatija	sg - f - none
tisħiħa	sg - f - none
bergħinija	sg - f - none
melliesi	sg - m - none
żara'	none - m - none
valiġġa	sg - f - none
griebel	pl - none - none
heddimin	pl - none - none
taqfisa	sg - f - none
gerrimin	pl - none - none
applawsi	pl - none - none
żraben	pl - none - none
fettiħija	sg - f - none
iebsa	sg - f - none
għadsiet	pl - none - none
telgħanijiet	pl - none - none
werdinin	pl - none - none
għarqa	sg - f - none
dubbjuż	sg - m - none
mxit	sg - m - none
porga	sg - f - none
sikkitija	sg - f - none
ftehim	sg - m - none
ġejjiefa	sg - f - none
kessieħa	sg - f - none
taqdib	sg - m - none
ħattieta	sg - f - none
mexmiexa	sg - f - none
fissuda	sg - f - none
ħadrana	sg - f - none
tħandiqa	sg - f - none
imperu	sg - m - none
tmawwir	sg - m - none
newwiemi	sg - m - none
berdin	pl - none - none
żbark	sg - m - none
taħditiet	pl - none - none
berqa	sg - f - none
tkemmida	sg - f - none
bużellieqa	sg - f - none
moħrara	sg - f - none
pożambrella	sg - f - none
vjolin	sg - m - none
ferħan	sg - m - none
ingrat	sg - m - none
kotran	sg - m - none
xaħmija	sg - f - none
froġa	sg - f - none
ordni	sg - f - none
boċnija	sg - f - none
tibjita	sg - f - none
bsurin	pl - none - none
jirreferiex	none - none - none
diplomatiku	sg - m - none
bibiet	pl - none - none
sġajra	sg - f - none
meslieħi	sg - m - none
pespusija	pl - none - none
kmiem	pl - none - none
għasfur	sg - m - none
werriċija	sg - f - none
telliegħ	sg - m - none
prijorità	sg - f - none
qliel	pl - none - none
diehra	sg - f - none
siringi	pl - none - none
tlanżit	coll - m - none
ħawħi	sg - m - none
rigal	sg - m - none
rfigħ	sg - m - none
ttamar	none - none - none
katastrofiċi	pl - none - none
allegazzjoni	sg - f - none
dudu	sg - m - none
salvataġġ	sg - m - none
sawwafin	pl - none - none
baltiċi	pl - none - none
ritmiċi	pl - none - none
tabbab	sg - m - none
taqmil	sg - m - none
jasar	sg - m - none
furjaniż	sg - m - none
disturb	sg - m - none
ġellidin	pl - none - none
namrat	sg - m - none
qasbijiet	pl - none - none
tnassira	sg - f - none
żagarella	sg - f - none
kollox	sg - m - none
ħemħumin	pl - none - none
kagħba	sg - f - none
qarwieża	sg - f - none
titfila	sg - f - none
priġunieri	pl - none - none
termometri	pl - none - none
ċentenarji	pl - none - none
tisbira	sg - f - none
taqrigħa	sg - f - none
ful	coll - none - none
keffa	sg - f - none
tkawlit	coll - m - none
tilgħiqa	sg - f - none
sensara	sg - f - none
prefiss	sg - m - none
waqqafija	pl - none - none
qarmiċija	sg - f - none
għarbija	sg - f - none
pinzellata	sg - f - none
dwieq	sg - m - none
taħtnieni	sg - m - none
ġlejjeb 	pl - none - none
furrajna	sg - f - none
rewmien	sg - m - none
laqqatin	pl - none - none
utru	sg - m - none
sensal	sg - m - none
saltnija	sg - f - none
entużjasta	sg - f - none
kilometraġġ	sg - m - none
inġenju	sg - m - none
standardizzata	sg - f - none
tinħiq	sg - m - none
mgħobbija	sg - f - none
naqqaxi	sg - m - none
tkeddid	sg - m - none
mħawar	pl - none - none
pjanijiet	pl - m - none
żbirr	sg - m - none
ċokon	sg - m - none
ġludin 	pl - none - none
sfurzar	sg - m - none
kkonsagrati	pl - none - none
ħewa	sg - f - none
ġimgħa	sg - f - none
duda	sg - f - none
birjiet	pl - none - none
tiżwiġa	sg - f - none
passatempijiet	pl - none - none
sahhari	sg - m - none
skarsezza	sg - f - none
sieħeb	sg - m - none
nfid	none - none - none
keffa	sg - f - none
mżejtna	sg - f - none
qurdiena	sg - f - none
tfalijiet	pl - none - none
baqbieq	sg - m - none
leffiqija	sg - f - none
muti	pl - none - none
landa	sg - f - none
dwib	sg - m - none
sliper	sg - m - none
teknoloġiku	sg - m - none
stupri	pl - none - none
qanżieħa	sg - f - none
żejjed	sg - m - none
daniżi	pl - none - none
taħra	sg - f - none
għeġejjen	pl - none - none
sindku	sg - m - none
lesta	sg - f - none
obbligu	sg - m - none
qarsin	pl - none - none
semnija	sg - f - none
tishir	sg - m - none
korla	sg - f - none
faqqasa	sg - f - none
ħejjibija	sg - f - none
mqabad	pl - none - none
tqassiba	sg - f - none
lventa	sg - f - none
ntejfiet	pl - none - none
Spanjola	sg - f - none
tkarriba	sg - f - none
nġisiet	pl - none - none
mnejżla	sg - f - diminutive
astratta	sg - f - none
lhim	sg - m - none
lieżem	sg - m - none
vireg	pl - none - none
ħabbieli	sg - m - none
għella	sg - f - none
rgħiba	sg - f - none
imbuttat	sg - m - none
restawrata	sg - f - none
tinsija	sg - f - none
distribuzzjonijiet	pl - f - none
panċer	sg - m - none
tleqq	sg - f - none
niggieża	pl - none - none
dhur	sg - m - none
qasbija	sg - f - none
għaxija	sg - f - none
konvalexxenza	sg - f - none
spażmu	sg - m - none
qanpiena	sg - f - none
veri	pl - none - none
materjalistiku	sg - m - none
tinqira	sg - f - none
sekkieni	sg - m - none
naqqaxija	sg - f - none
letteraturi	pl - f - none
vista	sg - f - none
sirjana	sg - f - none
perrieċa	pl - none - none
ġlatiet	pl - none - none
tebħiet	pl - none - none
fejjied	sg - m - none
bebbux	sg - m - none
ċaħdiet	pl - none - none
naqal	coll - m - none
tewma	sg - f - none
fejjieta	sg - f - none
sajjar	sg - m - none
pittoreski	pl - none - none
attivi	pl - none - none
geżżejjin	pl - none - none
zpapan	pl - none - none
skietja	sg - f - none
qtajra	sg - f - none
magħżel	sg - m - none
djalettali	pl - none - none
sigrieti	pl - none - none
ċilindru	sg - m - none
tixjib	sg - m - none
gemgimin	pl - none - none
kritika	sg - f - none
studjuż	sg - m - none
nordiku	sg - m - none
presedut	sg - m - none
ferrieħ	sg - m - none
parenteżi	sg - f - none
demokraziji	pl - f - none
lagħniet	pl - none - none
parteċipazzjoni	sg - f - none
sagħgħala	pl - none - none
geżwira	sg - f - none
delinkwent	sg - m - none
tbakkir	sg - m - none
spjegazzjonijiet	pl - none - none
midneb	sg - m - none
lożor	pl - none - none
novelli	pl - f - none
tħannin	sg - m - none
tmewwiġa	sg - f - none
sokriet	pl - none - none
melliħija	sg - f - none
tgħarwil	sg - m - none
sileżjan	sg - m - none
vitjijiet	pl - none - none
mnejfaħ	none - m - diminutive
masħarin	pl - none - none
ferrigħin	pl - none - none
furjaniżi	pl - none - none
dinosawru	sg - m - none
aniżetta	sg - f - none
sospensjonijiet	pl - f - none
għetejba	sg - f - diminutive
żabbiba	sg - f - none
bleħinin	pl - none - none
weġġigħija	pl - none - none
ġilba 	sg - f - none
ġewwież	sg - m - none
bezzun	sg - m - none
waħħamija	sg - f - none
fixkilin	pl - none - none
fisa	sg - m - none
ġarradi	sg - m - none
ċagħqin	pl - none - none
servjenti	pl - none - none
sikta	sg - f - none
gelgilin	pl - none - none
porzjon	sg - m - none
likkimin	pl - none - none
suvenir	sg - m - none
naqs	sg - m - none
krikkijiet	pl - none - none
kagħwiex	sg - m - none
sewqa	sg - f - none
analizzat	sg - m - none
taħlit	sg - m - none
ċagħktejn	dl - none - none
niżi	none - none - none
tbellil	sg - m - none
dentiera	sg - f - none
ranġatura	sg - f - none
żejjitija	sg - f - none
miżbla	sg - f - none
tibkit	sg - m - none
qarrabin	pl - none - none
iddisinjata	sg - f - none
ċinturin	sg - m - none
maxxita	sg - f - none
tkarrim	sg - m - none
labirinti	pl - none - none
leglieg	sg - m - none
bażbażija	sg - f - none
mekkanik	sg - m - none
serrieġi	sg - m - none
barrada	sg - f - none
dexxixin	pl - none - none
xeblikija	sg - f - none
titħina	sg - f - none
qabbada	sg - f - none
superjur	sg - m - none
mġabar	pl - none - diminutive
dajjara	sg - f - none
tniddija	sg - f - none
tedjuża	sg - f - none
tixħit	sg - m - none
xermudi	sg - m - none
torba	sg - f - none
tweġġiħa	sg - f - none
sessi	pl - m - none
bidwija	sg - f - none
żaqqej	sg - m - none
dħuli	sg - m - none
marrara	sg - f - none
lewżin	pl - none - none
konvenut	sg - m - none
taħtib	sg - m - none
kerrieh	sg - m - none
ċefluq	sg - m - none
toqlijiet	pl - none - none
ħalja	sg - f - none
mogħżiet	pl - none - none
żagħgħar	sg - m - none
fehma	sg - f - none
federaliżmu	sg - m - none
żenaq	pl - none - none
ġeddiedi	sg - m - none
verġni	sg - f - none
ħammieġi	sg - m - none
trejqa	sg - f - none
qattana	sg - f - none
qarriqin	pl - none - none
ġerrieħi	sg - m - none
tnewwib	sg - m - none
tuqif	sg - m - none
diversi	pl - none - none
samsarin	pl - none - none
dlilin	pl - none - none
tgerbibiet	pl - none - none
tagħxix	sg - m - none
aboliti	pl - none - none
qawra	sg - f - none
marmalji	pl - none - none
karwati	pl - none - none
liturġiċi	pl - none - none
isfra	pl - none - none
tlaqqigħa	sg - f - none
sehwien	sg - m - none
berrinin	pl - none - none
għajjura	sg - f - none
saffar	sg - m - none
moskea	sg - f - none
tfaddil	sg - m - none
suppożizzjonijiet	pl - none - none
rastiet	pl - none - none
ħaxwix	sg - m - none
ajl	sg - m - none
bewwiel	sg - m - none
oċeanika	sg - f - none
fosdqi	pl - none - none
mtiewi	pl - none - none
ġgajta	sg - f - none
mattri	pl - none - none
eskursjoni	sg - f - none
tnissiġ	sg - m - none
inkursjoni	sg - f - none
imbustakti	pl - none - none
mħaġar	pl - none - none
tmaqmiq	coll - m - none
qaddis	sg - m - none
żrieżer	pl - none - none
qadfa	sg - f - none
zunnarija	sg - f - none
sarr	sg - m - none
fehma	sg - f - none
skrataċ	pl - none - none
tħassil	sg - m - none
nħir	sg - m - none
tħawwida	sg - f - none
lanġasin	pl - none - none
mustaċċun	sg - m - none
imbuttata	sg - f - none
sbuliet	pl - none - none
plottijiet	pl - m - none
merqiet	pl - none - none
tekdid	sg - m - none
waħdinin	pl - none - none
lġiem	sg - m - none
tkeskisa	sg - f - none
wellidin	pl - none - none
pavuni	pl - none - none
ċelqa	sg - f - none
annimali	pl - m - none
linek	pl - none - none
pożambrella	sg - m - none
taqsima	sg - f - none
mnejħrijiet	pl - none - none
gelgiela	sg - f - none
widdibija	sg - f - none
sezzjonijiet	pl - f - none
jippretenduha	pl - none - none
manwali	none - none - none
taqbil	sg - m - none
avventi	pl - none - none
gerriefa	sg - f - none
reġistrazzjoni	sg - f - none
wennisin	pl - none - none
ħabsi	sg - m - none
taħwiliet	pl - none - none
fortifikazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
gradenzi	pl - none - none
selliema	sg - f - none
faġġari	sg - m - none
muswieda	pl - none - none
kafejiet	pl - none - none
korda	sg - f - none
qaddibija	pl - none - none
qlajjiet	pl - none - none
tipps	pl - none - none
ġellied	sg - m - none
tħabbil	sg - m - none
lmiebet	pl - none - none
nissieġi	sg - m - none
lajmana	sg - f - none
tiżriqa	sg - f - none
tursina	sg - f - none
xkupa	sg - f - none
diviżjoni	sg - f - none
ubbidjenza	sg - f - none
tertiqija	pl - none - none
eċċessiva	sg - f - none
daqqaqa	sg - f - none
taħfir	sg - m - none
tfittxijiet	pl - none - none
tisqif	sg - m - none
sabtiet	pl - none - none
tertuxija	sg - f - none
wassalija	sg - f - none
żaqqaqa	pl - none - none
pulpetti	pl - none - none
żeffitin	pl - none - none
salva	none - none - none
komplessa	sg - f - none
baħbieħi	sg - m - none
tinsa	sg - f - none
kunċerti	pl - m - none
ħarbixin	pl - none - none
tħendima	sg - f - none
najjara	sg - f - none
berbiexa	sg - f - none
takkun	sg - m - none
imponenti	sg - f - none
kennieni	sg - m - none
bolla	sg - f - none
zamzim	coll - m - none
arblu	sg - m - none
newwiela	sg - f - none
stupida	sg - f - none
waqqafi	sg - m - none
awtobijografika	sg - f - none
tħajjita	sg - f - none
sħubiet	pl - none - none
pixxa	sg - f - none
effettiv	sg - m - none
faħħaxa	sg - f - none
restawrati	pl - none - none
fażola	sg - f - none
waħwieħi	sg - m - none
peċpiċija	pl - none - none
borżetta	sg - f - none
vapuri	pl - m - none
daħkana	sg - f - none
mrikkeb	sg - m - none
dwali	dl - m - none
nisġiet	pl - none - none
miżniet	pl - none - none
tnemnim	coll - m - none
qalba	sg - f - none
qassies	sg - m - none
buffi	pl - m - none
mikxuf	sg - m - none
prezzijiet	pl - m - none
indirizzata	sg - f - none
direttur	sg - m - none
sawwafin	pl - none - none
limiti	pl - m - none
teħmid	sg - m - none
trajja	pl - none - none
sinonimu	sg - m - none
ħila	sg - f - none
verb	sg - m - none
palpitazzjoni	sg - f - none
imari	pl - none - none
maħkum	sg - m - none
rwiefen	pl - none - none
wiżniet	pl - none - none
delikati	pl - none - none
jgħajjat	sg - m - none
mkien	sg - m - none
ħrief	pl - none - none
ispirazzjoni	sg - f - none
ħmura	sg - f - none
arterji	pl - none - none
fiddied	sg - m - none
tranji	pl - none - none
epilettiku	sg - m - none
ħżiena	pl - none - none
xofftejn	dl - none - none
trijonfijiet	pl - none - none
lixxi	pl - none - none
serfbord	sg - f - none
tislifa	sg - f - none
indiċi	sg - m - none
tixniq	sg - m - none
mustaċċuna	sg - f - none
pruna	sg - f - none
akkaniti	pl - none - none
tħarriq	none - none - none
mistagħġeb	sg - m - none
valiġetta	sg - f - none
ċarissimu	sg - m - none
konferenza	sg - f - none
tmartila	sg - f - none
ċelliqin	pl - none - none
tekila	sg - f - none
sammarija	sg - f - none
żabbara	pl - none - none
interessati	pl - none - none
żeffiet	sg - m - none
debbier	sg - m - none
tpaċija	none - none - none
terrazza	sg - f - none
gergisija	sg - f - none
zappun	sg - m - none
tikjil	sg - m - none
qarsa	sg - f - none
wikkilin	pl - none - none
leflif	coll - m - none
dewwidin	pl - none - none
niġġimin	pl - none - none
slovakki	pl - none - none
funtani	pl - none - none
diskla	sg - f - none
personali	none - none - none
libertini	pl - none - none
varjazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
waħwieħa	pl - none - none
żehra	sg - f - none
taptipa	sg - f - none
ferrieq	sg - m - none
żekżieka	pl - none - none
tkeċnir	sg - m - none
gvernatur	sg - m - none
qagħdiet	pl - none - none
ġerriħija	sg - f - none
logħbiet	pl - none - none
rranġata	sg - f - none
ħbis	sg - m - none
katusa	sg - f - none
derrisija	sg - f - none
baħbieħ	sg - m - none
tbexlik	sg - m - none
tqanċiċa	sg - f - none
qassiesa	pl - none - none
proprju	sg - m - none
estensjoni	sg - f - none
xotti	pl - none - none
witjiet	pl - none - none
sabbata	pl - none - none
smid	sg - m - none
sufija	sg - f - none
tqawqiba	sg - f - none
waħħala	sg - f - none
kavilja	sg - f - none
kibi	sg - m - none
tiżliġa	sg - f - none
tirfin	pl - none - none
qsusin	pl - none - none
bikmiet	pl - none - none
kennisiet	pl - none - none
ntiħ	sg - m - none
tisjib	sg - m - none
titjib	sg - m - none
qrajna	sg - f - none
żjarat	pl - none - none
ħeffa	sg - f - none
fassadin	pl - none - none
nemmiel	sg - m - none
pjanċa	sg - f - none
kaffarin	pl - none - none
użin	sg - m - none
djoċesijiet	pl - none - none
kappelli	pl - f - none
iħirsa	pl - none - none
spapen	pl - none - none
wettieqi	sg - m - none
kapriċċ	sg - m - none
weżwiżin	pl - none - none
lobbis	pl - none - none
ħawtelin	pl - none - none
geżwier	sg - m - none
qdejdsin	pl - none - none
globi	pl - none - none
tisħit	sg - m - none
qbejjel	pl - none - none
abtar	sg - m - none
riforma	sg - f - none
talent	sg - m - none
żembieħi	sg - m - none
urad	pl - none - none
assistit	sg - m - none
ferita	sg - f - none
temtuma	pl - none - none
bekbikin	pl - none - none
kulur	sg - m - none
kompromess	sg - m - none
waħħamiet	pl - none - none
fexfixin	pl - none - none
tiskima	sg - f - none
safi	sg - m - none
ħarribija	sg - f - none
keċċejja	sg - f - none
raġunijiet	pl - f - none
faġra	sg - f - none
musanin	pl - none - none
ġsejjem	sg - m - diminutive
tqassir	sg - m - none
kelliema	sg - f - none
sfurzara	pl - none - none
dfir	sg - m - none
pertinenti	none - none - none
bandi	pl - none - none
fehmiet	pl - none - none
perikoluż	sg - m - none
trietex	pl - none - none
perriċiet	pl - none - none
Griegi	pl - none - none
turretti	pl - none - none
welfers	pl - none - none
żewwieqa	pl - none - none
tilġima	sg - f - none
bozza	sg - f - none
furketta	sg - f - none
fessej	sg - m - none
inkurunat	sg - m - none
tarki	pl - none - none
laħħaqija	sg - f - none
frugħ	sg - m - none
żokra	sg - f - none
serrieq	sg - m - none
ombrelluni	pl - none - none
xaqlieba	sg - f - none
bellieha	pl - none - none
ħnejżer	sg - m - diminutive
bulgariża	sg - f - none
mewwiesi	sg - m - none
traġedji	pl - f - none
temtumi	sg - m - none
gotiku	sg - m - none
katakombi	sg - m - none
nikba	sg - f - none
doti	pl - none - none
ferżna	sg - f - none
sinjuri	pl - none - none
ipokrisija	sg - f - none
rvell	sg - m - none
ġebli	sg - m - none
ispirazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
taqsit	sg - m - none
berbuxu	sg - m - none
bwiet	pl - none - none
niggieża	sg - f - none
riti	pl - m - none
sensittiv	sg - m - none
kartografiji	pl - none - none
sebqiet	pl - none - none
għatxana	sg - f - none
niżżieli	sg - m - none
fragranti	sg - f - none
nemlija	sg - f - none
tinjika	sg - f - none
iskopijiet	pl - m - none
sarraġija	pl - none - none
nejjieka	pl - none - none
selvaġġ	sg - m - none
elezzjonijiet	pl - f - none
parlanti	pl - none - none
famiet	pl - none - none
tisfiħa	sg - f - none
manikjur	sg - m - none
tfaħħira	sg - f - none
tammari	sg - m - none
tgerbil	none - none - none
saddieda	pl - none - none
dejjiena	sg - f - none
intiż	sg - m - none
għaxqin	pl - none - none
użanzi	pl - none - none
gerriexa	sg - f - none
ragħad	coll - m - none
astroloġiku	sg - m - none
diefi	sg - m - none
tniffixa	sg - f - none
kolol	pl - none - none
xewqanin	pl - none - none
turist	sg - m - none
żerżier	sg - m - none
leffifin	pl - none - none
sekwenza	sg - f - none
ħaxixa	sg - f - none
infern	sg - m - none
wensin	pl - none - none
ġurda	sg - f - none
fradi	pl - none - none
listi	pl - f - none
kejla	sg - f - none
tikkiet	pl - none - none
awtorità	sg - f - none
ħaġeb	sg - m - none
mili	sg - m - none
milagħbiet	pl - none - none
poġġamani	pl - none - none
romblijiet	pl - none - none
tiswifa	sg - f - none
tifqima	sg - f - none
temmimin	pl - none - none
tafja	sg - f - none
ġejjinin	pl - none - none
qarrada	pl - none - none
bexxieq	sg - m - none
tkagħwiġ	sg - m - none
miblugħ	sg - m - none
tagħna	sg - f - none
titriġa	sg - f - none
qejjiema	sg - f - none
saġġarin	pl - none - none
noti	pl - f - none
bajtrin	pl - none - none
falluti	pl - none - none
ħarbana	sg - f - none
omosesswali	sg - f - none
ward	coll - m - none
brejks	pl - none - none
tnewwil	sg - m - none
tiżdim	sg - m - none
xwiek	pl - none - none
portijiet	pl - m - none
tħamija	sg - f - none
salvezza	sg - f - none
beżlieki	sg - m - none
taffala	sg - f - none
triqat	pl - none - none
titrijiet	pl - none - none
irreferejtx	none - none - none
kittieba	pl - none - none
tiġlida	sg - f - none
qwiela	sg - f - none
proġetti	pl - m - none
tanburett	sg - m - none
żlieżel	pl - none - none
margerita	sg - f - none
torn	sg - m - none
ċiċri	pl - none - none
ħfejra	sg - f - none
sfiċċusi	pl - none - none
żquq	pl - none - none
ħaxxiena	sg - f - none
awrini	pl - none - none
żarżira	sg - f - none
kwejkba	sg - f - none
taħsila	none - none - none
tiċlima	sg - f - none
ħassarija	sg - f - none
taħżiqa	sg - f - none
widdiena	sg - f - none
barda	sg - f - none
attakkati	pl - none - none
ħannux	sg - m - none
qaddiefi	sg - m - none
ħakkikin	pl - none - none
mehlija	sg - f - none
deskritta	sg - f - none
gariet	pl - none - none
dagħaj	sg - m - none
waddabija	pl - none - none
daħliet	pl - none - none
ferfiexi	sg - m - none
qallatija	pl - none - none
karikatura	sg - f - none
tiġriba	sg - f - none
tbewwiq	sg - m - none
mistennijin	pl - none - none
ċefċiq	coll - m - none
lefliefa	pl - none - none
kummidjanti	pl - none - none
qaddieba	pl - none - none
skużi	pl - none - none
għars	sg - m - none
msieraħ	pl - none - none
faħħari	sg - m - none
taħdita	sg - f - none
arzell	coll - none - none
ħoxnin	pl - none - none
xifa	sg - f - none
wesgħat	pl - none - none
dejjinija	sg - f - none
ħluqin	pl - none - none
taħbit	sg - m - none
bajdiet	pl - none - none
qrubijiet	pl - none - none
żabri	sg - m - none
tidlim	sg - m - none
gażaża	sg - f - none
tixtib	sg - m - none
twikkija	sg - m - none
settariżmi	pl - none - none
tempesti	pl - none - none
msejken	sg - m - none
dewwiem	sg - m - none
nagħġin	pl - none - none
pullowvers	pl - none - none
stupidu	sg - m - none
irreferew	none - none - none
qwajjes	sg - m - none
taqsis	sg - m - none
faħħami	sg - m - none
xena	sg - f - none
ingliżi	pl - none - none
keskisin	pl - none - none
sokit	sg - m - none
tkeskis	coll - m - none
qarraba	pl - none - none
użuri	pl - none - none
ħeji	sg - m - none
tkarkira	sg - f - none
sogħbinin	pl - none - none
possibbli	sg - f - none
suffejra	sg - f - none
xengilin	pl - none - none
gerbiebi	sg - m - none
sawn	sg - m - none
tagħrib	sg - m - none
għaxqi	sg - m - none
dehhibin	pl - none - none
żigg	sg - m - none
żewġ	sg - m - none
tagħbija	sg - f - none
kaxxiera	sg - f - none
laħħaqin	pl - none - none
żdingata	sg - f - none
vendetta	sg - f - none
fawwara	sg - f - none
romantika	sg - f - none
żrameg	pl - m - none
tejjieb	sg - m - none
ħaġrin	pl - none - none
nawwari	sg - m - none
kategoriji	pl - f - none
ġeżżieża	sg - f - none
taqbida	sg - f - none
abitat	sg - m - none
paċiera	sg - f - none
devjazzjoni	sg - f - none
nemmiela	sg - f - none
mkabbrin	sg - m - none
mistika	sg - f - none
sular	sg - m - none
matriet	pl - none - none
abbozzar	sg - m - none
waqqata	sg - f - none
fellisija	sg - f - none
laburist	sg - m - none
mnikket	sg - m - none
niġġisin	pl - none - none
werriexa	pl - none - none
panċers	pl - none - none
kieti	sg - m - none
tnietef	pl - none - none
artist	sg - m - none
leffiet	pl - none - none
dehinin	pl - none - none
tnebbiħ	none - none - none
neżżigħija	pl - none - none
tiknin	sg - m - none
tajba	pl - none - none
sawwat	sg - m - none
tqegħida	sg - f - none
saħħtek	sg - f - none
għatis	sg - m - none
newnija	sg - f - none
politiki	pl - f - none
tikka	sg - f - none
impjant	sg - m - none
tejps	pl - none - none
żaddamin	pl - none - none
ignixin	sg - f - none
slavaġ	pl - none - none
ħosien	pl - none - none
ħabbejja	sg - f - none
tagħfis	sg - m - none
kamerati	pl - none - none
kawteli	pl - none - none
lħuqija	sg - f - none
kwistjoni	sg - f - none
zekzieki	sg - m - none
furmatur	sg - m - none
ħmus	pl - none - none
fehmiet	pl - f - none
sqaq	sg - m - none
venezjana	sg - f - none
individwali	none - none - none
tisgħin	sg - m - none
gergisin	pl - none - none
waranofsinhar	sg - m - none
atlantika	sg - f - none
qawrija	pl - none - none
kettufiet	pl - none - none
webbien	sg - m - none
itwal	none - none - comparative
perriċija	sg - f - none
amministraturi	pl - m - none
taqżiża	sg - f - none
qxajrija	pl - none - none
ċarrijiet	pl - none - none
berrieka	sg - f - none
faxex	pl - none - none
mwarrab	sg - m - none
tobba	pl - none - none
dmiel	pl - none - none
ġejjiebi	sg - m - none
preistorika	sg - f - none
sfiċċus	sg - m - none
griżi	pl - none - none
qalliegħi	sg - m - none
passiġġier	sg - m - none
skabbja	sg - f - none
waħxin	pl - none - none
lventi	pl - none - none
żejjitin	pl - none - none
tiċrita	sg - f - none
bejgħ	sg - m - none
trofej	pl - none - none
kanen	pl - none - none
mitħan	sg - m - none
tmatila	sg - f - none
kenninija	sg - f - none
sallaba	pl - none - none
ħaxximija	sg - f - none
ħwajtem	sg - m - diminutive
idjoma	sg - f - none
kriminalità	coll - f - none
skorta	sg - f - none
zekzika	sg - f - none
wiċċinu	sg - m - none
berridin	pl - none - none
introduzzjoni	sg - f - none
teptipa	sg - f - none
waħwiħin	pl - none - none
żegliega	pl - none - none
ħejjiebi	sg - m - none
popolari	none - none - none
spid	sg - m - none
ġmied	sg - m - none
dallamin	sg - none - none
fannijiet	pl - none - none
vini	pl - none - none
bankett	sg - m - none
naqqisija	pl - none - none
zenzinija	sg - f - none
temtim	coll - m - none
bakketta	sg - f - none
moralitajiet	pl - f - none
qammar	sg - m - none
tqanqila	sg - f - none
verità	sg - f - none
belliegħa	sg - f - none
ħaxixa	sg - f - none
tmehil	sg - m - none
femminili	pl - none - none
demmiesa	sg - f - none
biċċa	sg - f - none
fukranin	pl - none - none
lewwiħija	sg - f - none
dehnin	pl - none - none
klabb	sg - m - none
illeġibbli	sg - m - none
xilep	pl - none - none
wiżżinija	sg - f - none
kemm	sg - m - none
titlif	sg - m - none
tinjik	sg - m - none
dlila	sg - f - none
gotiċi	pl - none - none
kmandament	sg - m - none
nebbieħa	none - f - none
malluta	sg - f - none
mistħija	none - f - none
relikwi	pl - none - none
liebet	sg - m - none
ħatmiet	pl - none - none
tnaqqis	sg - m - none
żegligija	sg - f - none
ftajjar	pl - none - none
giddiema	sg - f - none
kittiebi	sg - m - none
pastorali	none - none - none
tajlandiża	sg - f - none
erotika	sg - f - none
sħaħ	pl - none - none
sejjifija	sg - f - none
fewwieġi	sg - m - none
werrieq	sg - m - none
esterni	pl - none - none
ugwaljanza	sg - f - none
qargħun	sg - m - none
goljiet	pl - none - none
lokers	pl - none - none
dliela	sg - f - none
beżgħan	sg - m - none
konvenuta	sg - f - none
ċappa	sg - f - none
mejkapp	sg - m - none
zekzieka	sg - f - none
kfis	sg - m - none
sabrija	sg - f - none
qorti	sg - f - none
melodiku	sg - m - none
sniġ	sg - m - none
ħammieli	sg - m - none
konfoffi	pl - none - none
tidfisa	sg - f - none
widni	sg - m - none
qalfata	pl - none - none
mellusiet	pl - none - none
kombjala	sg - m - none
pillola	sg - f - none
mieles	sg - m - none
keffifin	pl - none - none
introduzzjonijiet	pl - f - none
disks	pl - none - none
eħtriq	sg - m - none
warraba	sg - f - none
miti	pl - none - none
qattanin	pl - none - none
twaħħil	sg - m - none
dellilin	pl - none - none
mannas	sg - m - none
spjun	sg - m - none
waġgħat	pl - none - none
lablaba	sg - f - none
ħattiebi	sg - m - none
żrara	sg - f - none
ħażna	sg - f - none
kunventi	pl - m - none
ħaddied	sg - m - none
tinżigħa	sg - f - none
twelid	sg - m - none
ekoloġiku	sg - m - none
nixxej	sg - m - none
ħejjiem	sg - m - none
qassamin	pl - none - none
għamliet	pl - f - none
xbiek	pl - none - none
gramafownijiet	pl - none - none
tibrida	sg - f - none
taħtit	sg - m - none
tebbieħ	sg - m - none
ross	sg - m - none
stara	sg - f - none
muswafa	sg - f - none
fitta	sg - f - none
tanburill	sg - m - none
xermidin	pl - none - none
dafriet	pl - none - none
sultanin	pl - none - none
mgħawweġ	sg - m - none
ħarħar	sg - m - none
weġġiegħ	sg - m - none
rixa	sg - f - none
dakra	sg - f - none
aċċessorju	sg - m - none
mimduda	sg - f - none
ġaħġiħin	pl - none - none
dkieken	pl - none - none
ħattibija	sg - f - none
tbexbixa	sg - f - none
kruha	sg - f - none
sajfin	pl - none - none
tisbit	sg - m - none
qaħbu	sg - m - none
għalt	sg - m - none
sagħtir	sg - m - none
estern	sg - m - none
fajjara	sg - f - none
lotteriji	pl - none - none
tmarmira	sg - f - none
sultana	coll - m - none
wassala	sg - f - none
parrokki	pl - none - none
parlamenti	pl - m - none
sieħja	sg - f - none
mehla	sg - f - none
ħassula	sg - f - none
fsada	sg - f - none
qabbiżin	pl - none - none
ppreżentata	sg - f - none
ġurdien	sg - m - none
dardira	sg - f - none
moħqrijiet	pl - none - none
qandilija	sg - f - none
fina	sg - f - none
waqgħat	pl - none - none
qarabagħli	coll - m - none
ross	coll - none - none
pulċinelli	pl - none - none
drink	sg - m - none
qegħida	pl - none - none
tqalliba	sg - f - none
taħsira	sg - f - none
katastrofika	sg - f - none
rebbieħa	sg - f - none
fonetiċi	pl - none - none
konxji	pl - none - none
tiklim	sg - m - none
leffiqin	pl - none - none
dbejba	sg - f - diminutive
qotna	sg - f - none
purċissjoni	sg - f - none
xebgħat	pl - none - none
qawwarin	pl - none - none
tħanżir	sg - m - none
difna	sg - f - none
boksinks	pl - none - none
borrinu	sg - m - none
dellikija	sg - f - none
tpexpixa	sg - f - none
żattit	sg - m - none
solvuta	sg - f - none
qluqin	pl - none - none
indjani	pl - none - none
kagħwiexi	sg - m - none
lagħqiet	pl - none - none
ġlieda	sg - f - none
klandestin	sg - m - none
fidil	sg - m - none
taqbiż	sg - m - none
xalatriċi	sg - f - none
orsijiet	pl - none - none
geġwiġiji	pl - none - none
qajjimija	sg - f - none
nassas	sg - m - none
taqriq	sg - m - none
tismim	sg - m - none
msajfar	sg - m - none
ħġim	sg - m - none
lefqanin	pl - none - none
impertinenti	none - none - none
marbuta	sg - f - none
tiżgħida	sg - f - none
semgħa	sg - f - none
tbiċċira	sg - f - none
gerriżin	pl - none - none
terriqija	pl - none - none
inerenti	none - none - none
sejbiet	pl - none - none
pajjiż	sg - m - none
pessimiżmu	sg - m - none
destini	pl - none - none
waħdu	sg - m - none
dispożizzjoni	sg - f - none
dokk	sg - m - none
tilhima	sg - f - none
salumerija	sg - f - none
tenfixa	none - f - none
battana	sg - f - none
korpi	pl - m - none
ħaġra	sg - f - none
mraħħas	sg - m - none
lbejsa	sg - f - none
żwiġijiet	pl - none - none
karriera	sg - f - none
żebbigħija	sg - f - none
mdaħal	pl - none - none
tmegħira	sg - f - none
serriġin	pl - none - none
werrieċa	pl - none - none
parata	sg - f - none
ħarraxa	sg - f - none
selezzjoni	sg - f - none
tħebbila	sg - f - none
gerriexi	sg - m - none
priġuneriji	pl - f - none
qmatijiet	pl - none - none
razza	sg - f - none
ċappella	sg - f - none
żambura	sg - f - none
pavru	sg - m - none
effetti	pl - m - none
loqma	sg - f - none
propji	pl - none - none
direzzjoni	sg - f - none
qriemeċ	pl - none - none
tiżliqa	sg - f - none
btien	pl - none - none
bejjiegħija	sg - f - none
nixxijat	pl - none - none
ħabiba	sg - f - none
qarsa	sg - f - none
sefsief	sg - m - none
ċerċura	sg - f - none
tebbigħija	sg - f - none
deskrizzjonijiet	pl - f - none
klila	sg - f - none
taħsir	sg - m - none
qoħti	sg - m - none
iffurmati	pl - none - none
żirkiet	pl - none - none
msarsra	pl - none - none
elastiku	sg - m - none
żejjiedi	sg - m - none
torrijiet	pl - m - none
bengaliżi	pl - none - none
ċilindriku	sg - m - none
mgħaġġla	sg - f - none
fergħun	sg - m - none
mard	sg - m - none
xagħrin	pl - none - none
waħħadi	sg - m - none
impjegati	pl - none - none
żegħidin	pl - none - none
assigurat	sg - m - none
mozzjoni	sg - f - none
serriedi	sg - m - none
jleqq	sg - m - none
qrejmeċ	none - m - none
mgħażqiet	pl - none - none
tibtin	sg - m - none
kittifin	pl - none - none
tappieri	pl - none - none
demmilija	sg - f - none
ħxejnin	pl - none - none
tejp	sg - m - none
ċans	sg - m - none
olandiżi	pl - none - none
tradutturi	pl - m - none
sajjetti	pl - f - none
bwajdiet	pl - none - none
tiżnida	sg - f - none
lxiexen	pl - none - none
radju	sg - m - none
stann	sg - m - none
uniti	pl - none - none
vokazzjonijiet	pl - none - none
lewżiet	pl - none - none
namrużi	pl - none - none
nazzjonalistiċi	pl - none - none
ħfuri	sg - m - none
tigdis	sg - m - none
ħoss	sg - m - none
seffiedi	sg - m - none
samranija	sg - f - none
skeċċ	sg - m - none
tinxifa	sg - f - none
xewqana	sg - f - none
newtonjani	pl - none - none
mergħa	sg - f - none
qżużi	sg - m - none
stretta	sg - f - none
ifwda	pl - none - none
proxxmu	sg - m - none
gażja	sg - f - none
żieda	sg - f - none
twerrita	sg - f - none
qaxxarija	pl - none - none
ismar	sg - m - none
ċeren	pl - none - none
ħattibin	pl - none - none
semmija	pl - none - none
triq	sg - m - none
daħħalija	sg - f - none
merti	pl - m - none
povri	pl - none - none
primittiv	sg - m - none
mlieħ	pl - none - none
bexkieli	sg - m - none
fużjoni	sg - f - none
gazzetti	pl - f - none
wirk	sg - m - none
żekżieka	sg - f - none
tifwiq	sg - m - none
shejwiet	pl - none - none
kinija	sg - f - none
mgħaxxex	sg - m - none
tħarriġ	sg - m - none
ħanniexi	sg - m - none
żhim	sg - m - none
arkata	sg - f - none
lewwimin	pl - none - none
punika	sg - f - none
tidmis	sg - m - none
teħlis	sg - m - none
folkloristiċi	pl - none - none
parati	pl - none - none
sensittivi	pl - none - none
waqqatija	pl - none - none
settieri	pl - none - none
mella	sg - f - none
ġerrigħin	pl - none - none
friq	sg - m - none
tisliba	sg - f - none
weġgħana	pl - none - none
xengilin	pl - none - none
lefqan	sg - m - none
ħarfiexa	sg - f - none
nazzjonali	none - none - none
pruwa	sg - f - none
żegħied	sg - m - none
qalligħin	pl - none - none
sarrafija	sg - f - none
ibgħar	pl - none - none
proġetti	pl - m - none
mgħallqa	sg - f - none
qriesi	pl - none - none
miġnuna	sg - f - none
tħaxxiba	sg - f - none
żrieżaq	pl - none - none
kanapejiet	pl - none - none
ħofrin	pl - none - none
sahharin	pl - none - none
mġandrin	pl - none - none
ġeneri	pl - m - none
fqieqagħ	pl - none - none
bikkiem	sg - m - none
qnejpniet	pl - none - none
fottatura	sg - f - none
rakkont	sg - m - none
bexbixin	pl - none - none
nixxejjin	pl - none - none
rtub	none - none - none
tebbikin	pl - none - none
iskoperta	sg - f - none
fungi	pl - none - none
tfali	pl - none - none
taqris	none - none - none
lelliex(i)	sg - m - none
kustilja	sg - f - none
żelliqija	sg - f - none
tfejjiqa	sg - f - none
kakka	sg - m - none
tnemnima	sg - f - none
ġahri	sg - m - none
vaġini	pl - none - none
lewżi	sg - m - none
żingaru	sg - m - none
ġeżżiżin	pl - none - none
giddibin	pl - none - none
tlellixa	sg - f - none
ċilindri	pl - none - none
pastard	coll - none - none
notturn	sg - m - none
bwar	pl - none - none
iskandli	pl - m - none
kejjieta	sg - f - none
marrari	pl - none - none
weżwieża	pl - none - none
ċisti	pl - none - none
milqutin	pl - none - none
hennejja	sg - f - none
qarrabija	sg - f - none
merħbijiet	pl - none - none
ħrib	sg - m - none
qanċiċija	sg - f - none
battamin	pl - none - none
żakkar	sg - m - none
ħarrajja	sg - f - none
konok	pl - none - none
petpita	sg - f - none
tħallib	sg - m - none
esposta	sg - f - none
fattamin	pl - none - none
tnixxifa	sg - f - none
kaħla	sg - f - none
tkewkiba	sg - f - none
tħasiba	sg - f - none
internazzjonali	none - none - none
tparpir	coll - m - none
sibiniet	pl - none - none
tnaġġira	sg - f - none
marka	sg - f - none
satar	sg - m - none
tiċpis	sg - m - none
fiskali	none - none - none
nebbitiet	pl - none - none
maħmiħin	pl - none - none
mandriet	pl - none - none
xuxa	sg - f - none
tniġġima	sg - f - none
ballottra	sg - f - none
randan	sg - m - none
għelt	sg - m - none
aċċettat	sg - m - none
diskriminazzjoni	sg - f - none
astronomiku	sg - m - none
dissolvant	sg - m - none
faqqasija	sg - f - none
pejjipija	pl - none - none
nieqa	sg - f - none
taħtima	sg - f - none
tetani	pl - none - none
seksikija	sg - f - none
gerbieb	sg - m - none
enigmatiċi	pl - none - none
tewwimija	sg - f - none
tixpipa	sg - f - none
ħallatin	pl - none - none
superklassi	sg - f - none
dehieni	sg - m - none
tkaħħila	sg - f - none
qaddiema	pl - none - none
tkabbira	sg - f - none
tibżir	sg - m - none
laqqamija	sg - f - none
tħażżiq	sg - m - none
semni	sg - m - none
mellieħi	sg - m - none
minfes	sg - m - none
geġwiġija	sg - f - none
tħarbixiet	pl - none - none
xgħil	sg - m - none
werriqin	pl - none - none
baqqijat	pl - none - none
rqajqa	sg - m - none
zappuna	sg - f - none
qaddisa	sg - f - none
tfixkiliet	pl - none - none
iddedikat	sg - m - none
tħir	sg - m - none
waħħala	pl - none - none
dfin	sg - m - none
żenżin	none - none - none
qorob	sg - m - none
interpretu	sg - m - none
koki	pl - none - none
gabarrè	sg - m - none
trietaq	pl - none - none
urajdiet	pl - none - none
tbarqim	sg - m - none
rappreżentata	sg - f - none
denniesi	sg - m - none
boxxli	pl - none - none
kilometraġġi	pl - none - none
seħħ	sg - m - none
kawtela	sg - f - none
influwenzati	pl - none - none
ħlejbiet	pl - none - diminutive
furnara	pl - none - none
kennien	sg - m - none
teħġima	sg - f - none
vulgari	sg - f - none
dettall	sg - m - none
ngħas	sg - m - none
indiġestjonijiet	pl - none - none
xermud	sg - m - none
ħażżarin	pl - none - none
mixgħulin	pl - none - none
ċombos	sg - m - none
newwieħa	pl - none - none
ispazju	sg - m - none
ħeġġiema	sg - f - none
dris	sg - m - none
merżuq	sg - m - none
msaġar	pl - none - none
qarrieqi	sg - m - none
sigriet	sg - m - none
qallibija	sg - f - none
sbit	sg - m - none
mrara	sg - f - none
griża	sg - f - none
affettati	pl - none - none
bawwarija	sg - f - none
passaperla	sg - f - none
serpentuni	pl - none - none
puplesiji	pl - none - none
xokkijiet	pl - m - none
ipotetiku	sg - m - none
fesfiesa	sg - f - none
tafal	coll - m - none
spaga	sg - f - none
qtar	pl - none - none
estensivi	pl - none - none
tagħmira	sg - f - none
karkur	sg - m - none
tħarrik	none - none - none
derwix	sg - m - none
mirquma	pl - none - none
demokrazija	sg - f - none
fetfieti	sg - m - none
ġebla	sg - f - none
nasar	sg - m - none
laħam	sg - m - none
qarriem	sg - m - none
qażżież	sg - m - none
waħdinija	pl - none - none
skular	sg - m - none
kixxifija	sg - f - none
baħbiħin	pl - none - none
battam	sg - m - none
qaddimija	pl - none - none
fellikin	pl - none - none
nagħniegħ	sg - m - none
weswiesa	pl - none - none
salvaġġ	sg - m - none
tnietex	pl - none - none
traġedja	sg - f - none
taqmis	sg - m - none
żakkira	sg - f - none
falzitajiet	pl - none - none
bagħal	sg - m - none
tħawtil	sg - m - none
tingħis	sg - m - none
tvenvin	sg - m - none
dija	sg - f - none
tbelligħa	sg - f - none
tkaħħil	none - none - none
ħiema	sg - f - none
ganċ	sg - m - none
ġermanika	sg - f - none
tul	sg - m - none
taqjil	sg - m - none
soġġorn	sg - m - none
żurriqija	pl - none - none
ġbid	sg - m - none
avukat	sg - m - none
tgħila	sg - f - none
tixkil	sg - m - none
sewwisin	pl - none - none
sforzi	pl - none - none
daqqiq	sg - m - none
dars	sg - m - none
timriħ	sg - m - none
intellettwali	none - none - none
bażżarin	pl - none - none
mitbugħa	sg - f - none
ħosbien	sg - m - none
laburista	sg - f - none
distanza	sg - f - none
dijapożittiva	sg - f - none
esebizzjonijiet	pl - f - none
kruhati	pl - none - none
sportiv	sg - m - none
istabbilimenti	pl - m - none
kibja	sg - f - none
xaħmin	pl - none - none
laqqax	sg - m - none
slieħ	pl - none - none
sewwejja	sg - f - none
attriċi	sg - f - none
votanti	pl - m - none
dandan	sg - m - none
maqmar	sg - m - none
kukkudrill	sg - m - none
sawwarin	pl - none - none
prefazji	pl - none - none
passjoni	sg - f - none
settiera	pl - none - none
mxerrdin	pl - none - none
sultan	sg - m - none
nissieġa	sg - f - none
ħannieq	sg - m - none
ibbliċjati	pl - none - none
rħis	sg - m - none
ħannux	sg - m - none
xandarin	pl - none - none
suġġeriment	sg - m - none
alfabeti	pl - m - none
rutella	sg - f - none
zekzik	coll - m - none
ħabbatin	pl - none - none
niffiedi	sg - m - none
ġewwiħin	pl - none - none
domestiċi	pl - none - none
ħannieqa	sg - f - none
darras	sg - m - none
onorevoli	pl - none - none
qarr	sg - m - none
taħlib	sg - m - none
dexxixa	sg - f - none
dehrin	pl - none - none
saqqafija	sg - f - none
tilħim	sg - m - none
ġebbiesi	sg - m - none
mgħarwla	sg - f - none
neqsin	pl - none - none
wikkiela	sg - f - none
primittivi	pl - none - none
gwardjan	sg - m - none
ċifi	sg - m - none
risposta	sg - f - none
sawwiemi	sg - m - none
nidja	sg - f - none
seqera	sg - f - none
xandarin	pl - none - none
żellimija	sg - f - none
ġurnalistiċi	pl - none - none
Qormija	sg - f - none
qolol	pl - none - none
skop	sg - m - none
żenżina	sg - f - none
xewqa	sg - f - none
tisfid	sg - m - none
muqran	sg - m - none
cert	sg - m - none
robotika	sg - f - none
giddiem	sg - m - none
fetfitin	pl - none - none
bażwara	sg - f - none
wesqa	none - none - none
nqasa	sg - f - none
saħħaqin	pl - none - none
bjut	pl - none - none
tappijiet	pl - none - none
abbandunati	pl - none - none
dekkukiet	pl - none - none
mħassba	pl - none - none
żewwieġa	pl - none - none
sejjiħin	pl - none - none
qabbiel	sg - m - none
lħiħa	sg - f - none
serridija	sg - f - none
naqsinijiet	pl - none - none
primi	pl - none - none
masħari	sg - m - none
nixfin	pl - none - none
sever	sg - m - none
ħoxnin	pl - none - none
nejjikija	sg - f - none
dolċerija	sg - f - none
newm	sg - m - none
tlewwiża	sg - f - none
żeffinin	pl - none - none
qattieta	pl - none - none
lemħiet	pl - none - none
botniet	pl - none - none
pittmi	pl - none - none
nikkiet	sg - m - none
żaqqejja	pl - none - none
berbieq	sg - m - none
serjetà	sg - f - none
bugħariewen	pl - none - none
tirħis	none - none - none
fantastiċi	pl - none - none
qarrar	sg - m - none
tħatin	sg - m - none
Ingliża	sg - f - none
taħjil	sg - m - none
sħajna	sg - f - none
betbut	sg - m - none
latina	sg - f - none
qares	sg - m - none
żdingat	sg - m - none
kornuti	pl - none - none
ikkupjata	sg - f - none
servu	none - m - none
mzekzkin	pl - none - none
ħambieqi	sg - m - none
gremxula	sg - f - none
gassijiet	pl - m - none
strixxa	sg - f - none
għomor	sg - m - none
mxammrin	pl - none - none
pirjids	pl - none - none
teptiepi	sg - m - none
slimiż	sg - m - none
moqrabin	pl - none - none
dubbien	coll - m - none
tlellex	sg - f - none
qegħdin	pl - none - none
tqantir	coll - m - none
tnaġġir	sg - m - none
żammarija	pl - none - none
mogħtijin	pl - none - none
kaboċċi	pl - none - none
mirżuħin	pl - none - none
loqom	pl - none - none
fratas	pl - none - none
tramuntana	sg - f - none
werrejja	sg - f - none
keddied	sg - m - none
eżilju	sg - m - none
immaġnijiet	pl - none - none
newwieħi	sg - m - none
merrieqi	sg - m - none
sekkieki	sg - m - none
sassli	pl - none - none
tebbinin	pl - none - none
abilità	sg - f - none
kmied	sg - m - none
dota	sg - f - none
ħanfusiet	pl - none - none
tgerbib	sg - m - none
minċotti	pl - none - none
profitti	pl - m - none
aġġettivi	pl - none - none
lewwiena	sg - f - none
virtujiet	pl - none - none
minoranza	sg - f - none
tregwa	sg - f - none
ħaffirin	pl - none - none
mistħija	sg - f - none
koxxtejn	dl - none - none
formulat	sg - m - none
qassab	sg - m - none
sewda	sg - f - none
fottituri	pl - none - none
girża	sg - f - none
fehiema	sg - f - none
daqsieni	sg - m - none
naħħaqija	sg - f - none
ħamallati	pl - none - none
film	sg - m - none
ħamsa	sg - m - none
rekords	pl - m - none
pollakk	sg - m - none
geddiesa	sg - f - none
qana'	sg - f - none
tfakkir	sg - m - none
tinfida	sg - f - none
tmaħmiħ	sg - m - none
msarsar	sg - m - none
twellida	sg - f - none
prestiġjużi	pl - none - none
kagħwiexa	pl - none - none
blata	sg - f - none
bażokk	sg - m - none
tlablib	coll - m - none
temmigħija	sg - f - none
tbekkita	sg - f - none
saħħarija	pl - none - none
edoniżmu	sg - m - none
strixxi	pl - none - none
dgħaf	pl - none - none
żengila	sg - f - none
tqaħħiba	sg - f - none
utopja	sg - f - none
oċeani	pl - m - none
makkjetti	pl - none - none
pleġġ	sg - m - none
xażis	pl - none - none
sellief	sg - m - none
selliet	sg - m - none
kikkri	pl - none - none
sistematiċi	pl - none - none
niġma	none - f - none
tiċpis	sg - m - none
qawqbija	pl - none - none
ġebbieda	sg - f - none
farrada	sg - f - none
liċenzja	sg - f - none
kunvent	sg - m - none
kompliċità	sg - f - none
ħallimin	pl - none - none
tibrima	sg - f - none
supermarkits	pl - none - none
baqra	sg - f - none
posittiv	sg - m - none
qoħtin	pl - none - none
twiċċiċ	sg - m - none
klubija	sg - f - none
tħaxlif	sg - m - none
pass	sg - m - none
ħattieta	sg - f - none
qżiżata	sg - f - none
tfewwiġ	sg - m - none
kera	sg - f - none
tiċlis	sg - m - none
superfamilji	pl - f - none
ġegħelin	pl - none - none
ġerriegħ	sg - m - none
boċċi	pl - none - none
numeriku	sg - m - none
fixla	sg - f - none
spażmi	pl - none - none
xenati	pl - none - none
qrar	sg - m - none
nemmiela	sg - f - none
salvat	sg - m - none
funzjonijiet	pl - f - none
injezzjoni	sg - f - none
qolligħat	pl - none - none
mħiba	sg - f - none
fettieħa	sg - f - none
sapuniera	sg - f - none
dalmin	pl - none - none
legligija	pl - none - none
qamquma	none - f - none
nżulija	sg - f - none
tħasib	sg - m - none
sensittiva	sg - f - none
mezez	pl - none - none
lagħaqin	pl - none - none
affettata	sg - f - none
tifqir	sg - m - none
xemnieqa	pl - none - none
assoċjazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
faqmi	sg - m - none
urejżaq	sg - m - none
dehbi	sg - m - none
mxirkin	pl - none - none
karnivali	pl - none - none
ħolistiku	sg - m - none
tulija	sg - f - none
bakketti	pl - none - none
frietes	pl - none - none
tindir	none - none - none
ħannuxin	pl - none - none
ferċiħin	pl - none - none
qlalet	pl - none - none
dfin	coll - none - none
mqarba	sg - f - none
tiewja	sg - f - none
nikkitin	pl - none - none
twissija	sg - f - none
osfra	pl - none - none
newbija	pl - none - none
soċjetajiet	pl - f - none
nirrefere	none - none - none
rokna	sg - f - none
kreditu	sg - m - none
ġifa	sg - f - none
organizzazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
kellimin	pl - none - none
daqqa	sg - f - none
tweġġiħ	sg - m - none
tbannis	sg - m - none
maħanqa	sg - f - none
difjin	pl - none - none
tidqisa	sg - f - none
sejjiħija	pl - none - none
sawran	sg - m - none
tferrigħ	sg - m - none
tagħniq	sg - m - none
beżżigħin	pl - none - none
weġġiegħi	sg - m - none
semminija	pl - none - none
sors	sg - m - none
ħwieġeb	pl - none - none
arċipelagu	sg - m - none
baqgħa	sg - f - none
żegħiela	pl - none - none
nikkitija	sg - f - none
naspliet	pl - none - none
ċiki	pl - none - none
ħanninin	pl - none - none
geġwieġi	sg - m - none
niggiżija	pl - none - none
tweżin	sg - m - none
lemħa	sg - f - none
tħażżina	sg - f - none
tifqigħ	sg - m - none
pespiesa	sg - f - none
selliefa	sg - f - none
iċweċ	none - none - comparative
għoqliet	pl - none - none
kannella	pl - none - none
ħoxna	sg - f - none
tgħajjir	sg - m - none
fiqija	sg - f - none
baħbuħin	pl - none - none
sefsfejfed	sg - m - none
dbiebes	pl - none - none
ċumbini	pl - none - none
biri	sg - m - none
ċawl	coll - none - none
ċens	sg - m - none
ħżaniet	pl - none - none
ibbażat	sg - m - none
ħabbiżija	sg - f - none
veritajiet	pl - f - none
ħawwilin	pl - none - none
ħanxa	sg - f - none
settarji	pl - none - none
osservatur	sg - m - none
propja	sg - f - none
għarukaża	sg - f - none
fittiexi	sg - m - none
werċa	sg - f - none
tpetpit	coll - m - none
għarik	sg - m - none
ħarka	none - none - none
bexx	sg - m - none
darrejja	sg - f - none
gdim	sg - m - none
xiwjiet	pl - none - none
avviżiera	sg - f - none
qawwasin	pl - none - none
werrikija	pl - none - none
tkeffin	sg - m - none
żejjieda	sg - f - none
ħedfown	sg - f - none
nugrufun	sg - m - none
żekżiek	sg - m - none
skawt	sg - m - none
tqatil	sg - m - none
ġelbinija	sg - f - none
pjazez	pl - none - none
qabża	sg - f - none
għargħir	sg - m - none
ħadid	sg - m - none
vjolenta	sg - f - none
raxkaturi	pl - none - none
wassal	sg - m - none
ċafċif	coll - m - none
taljola	sg - f - none
najjara	pl - none - none
tixribiet	pl - none - none
nowtbuks	pl - none - none
tiftixiet	pl - none - none
ixdqa	pl - none - none
persjan	sg - m - none
garraj	sg - m - none
teoloġika	sg - f - none
banana	sg - f - none
tnittif	sg - m - none
serrieġa	pl - none - none
ċanfir	sg - m - none
tiġmigħ	sg - m - none
għambar	sg - m - none
bittija	sg - f - none
mixlija	sg - f - none
fawwari	sg - m - none
ħaxxun	sg - m - none
aġġornament	sg - m - none
teħdil	sg - m - none
kanali	pl - none - none
stazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
żeġġieġa	pl - none - none
mnieħru	sg - m - none
qalliegħa	sg - f - none
iżmna	pl - m - none
majjali	pl - none - none
animosità	sg - f - none
tħarfin	sg - m - none
xmara	sg - f - none
silsla	sg - f - none
naxra	sg - f - none
fakkarin	pl - none - none
mitluqa	sg - f - none
varji	pl - none - none
teffej	sg - m - none
gotika	sg - f - none
saddidija	sg - f - none
rixtelli	pl - none - none
belha	sg - f - none
krateb	pl - none - none
xappap	sg - m - none
żebbieli	sg - m - none
żafżifa	sg - f - none
ċerimonja	sg - f - none
onorati	pl - none - none
faħma	sg - f - none
vjolini	pl - none - none
sehima	sg - f - none
mzekzek	sg - m - none
fekkikija	sg - f - none
sliem	sg - m - none
lest	sg - m - none
neżżigħin	pl - none - none
mtalab	pl - none - none
filling	sg - m - none
tħallim	sg - m - none
sponsun	sg - m - none
meludiet	pl - none - none
werritin	pl - none - none
għarab	pl - none - none
maqbdiet	pl - none - none
torti	pl - none - none
seksifin	pl - none - none
fartas	sg - m - none
negozju	sg - m - none
ħattar	sg - m - none
gerżuma	sg - f - none
rieda	sg - f - none
fajdija	sg - f - none
pullmans	pl - none - none
dagħbien	sg - m - none
mwarrba	sg - f - none
ġamar	coll - m - none
għaqlin	pl - none - none
beżżuliżmu	sg - m - none
xini	sg - m - none
tfehim	sg - m - none
attenta	sg - f - none
gedwidin	pl - none - none
rimiżolji	pl - none - none
tqellila	sg - f - none
geżwirin	pl - none - none
felħanija	sg - f - none
intervall	sg - m - none
leħja	sg - f - none
tnegħila	sg - f - none
allegazzjonijiet	pl - f - none
ħassieb	sg - m - none
kanonika	sg - f - none
mużqaqin	pl - none - none
indifferenza	sg - f - none
fassalin	pl - none - none
turxan	sg - m - none
qawwilin	pl - none - none
tbergħina	sg - f - none
arkanġli	pl - m - none
swejjef	sg - m - none
milgħaq	sg - m - none
rimjiet	pl - none - none
warradija	sg - f - none
mkasar	pl - none - none
kissirin	pl - none - none
priġuniera	sg - f - none
gramma	sg - f - none
preferenza	sg - f - none
rtirata	sg - f - none
żajjarija	pl - none - none
tfarriġ	sg - m - none
ħluqi	sg - m - none
bewġiet	pl - none - none
qawwara	sg - f - none
taqtigħa	sg - f - none
villani	pl - none - none
irjieħ	pl - none - none
mimxut	sg - m - none
żnuber	sg - m - none
sabiħ	sg - m - none
ferq	sg - m - none
mekkieħi	sg - m - none
tħaxxina	sg - f - none
ntejjen	pl - none - none
tmaħħita	sg - none - none
ħaxkien	sg - m - none
finali	pl - none - none
peruvjani	pl - none - none
preċetti	pl - none - none
ħamt	sg - f - none
passiġġiera	pl - none - none
partitarji	pl - m - none
teknoloġika	sg - f - none
żaddami	sg - m - none
unit	sg - m - none
suldati	pl - m - none
mara	sg - f - none
żarżara	sg - f - none
timliħa	sg - f - none
mnieħrek	sg - m - none
samsar	sg - m - none
daqsijiet	pl - none - none
kellieli	sg - m - none
ċerċur	sg - m - none
tħaddira	sg - f - none
temmiema	pl - none - none
maqsar	sg - m - none
ġdura	sg - f - none
refuġju	sg - m - none
buq	sg - m - none
waddabin	pl - none - none
żembiħ	coll - m - none
bewwieba	pl - none - none
nittief	sg - m - none
tħattit	sg - m - none
tqażqiż	coll - m - none
żeglieg	sg - m - none
tħeddil	sg - m - none
ħbiż	sg - m - none
taqdima	sg - f - none
volontarjati	pl - none - none
siwi	sg - m - none
tarfija	pl - none - none
divorzji	pl - m - none
fasliet	pl - none - none
spalel	pl - none - none
deterministika	sg - f - none
rimja	sg - f - none
morsa	sg - f - none
tinħila	sg - f - none
partenzi	pl - none - none
klassika	sg - f - none
artiġjanat	sg - m - none
qtugħija	sg - f - none
koljaturi	pl - none - none
dawwarin	pl - none - none
ideoloġiku	sg - m - none
fellej	sg - m - none
botni	sg - m - none
tekniku	sg - m - none
twiddin	sg - m - none
stilistiku	sg - m - none
dixxiplina	sg - f - none
sogħbien	sg - m - none
nejjikija	pl - none - none
gajdra	sg - f - none
nitfiet	pl - none - none
mżejtna	pl - none - none
ċallamin	pl - none - none
mgħażel	pl - none - none
żarġuniet	pl - none - none
kampanja	sg - f - none
segi	pl - none - none
melliħin	pl - none - none
ġojjelli	pl - none - none
birwiniet	pl - none - none
futuri	pl - none - none
maqtra	sg - f - none
seffieqa	pl - none - none
qamliet	pl - f - none
rkoppiet	pl - none - none
aħħarin	pl - none - none
msiebi	pl - none - none
miġwiħin	pl - none - none
ħambiqija	sg - f - none
ħażżieża	sg - f - none
par	sg - m - none
faqmija	sg - f - none
kamriera	pl - none - none
ingropp	sg - m - none
żabrija	sg - f - none
miġnuna	sg - f - none
fetfiet	sg - m - none
għarqana	sg - f - none
naqqisija	sg - f - none
tiżhima	sg - f - none
pubbliċi	pl - none - none
lewt	sg - m - none
ġmilijiet	pl - none - none
verbi	pl - m - none
sekkinin	pl - none - none
tidhir	sg - m - none
neffieħa	none - f - none
strajkijiet	pl - none - none
raddiena	sg - f - none
żinżliet	pl - none - none
gerbejb	sg - m - none
qotna	sg - f - none
trattati	pl - none - none
taħwif	sg - m - none
knejna	sg - f - diminutive
uman	sg - m - none
ntejfa	sg - f - diminutive
fallibbli	sg - f - none
taħriba	sg - f - none
sawt	sg - m - none
kittinija	sg - f - none
usejgħa	sg - f - none
tirrefere	none - none - none
tgerbib	sg - m - none
qabbieża	pl - none - none
żaqżieqi	sg - m - none
ħrubin	pl - none - none
strajk	sg - m - none
tgħabbir	sg - m - none
qassis	sg - m - none
mgħallqa	pl - none - none
baqbiqin	pl - none - none
tixrif	none - none - none
rieqed	sg - m - none
qaddieb	sg - m - none
relativistiku	sg - m - none
ħtejba	sg - f - diminutive
fattara	sg - f - none
nkejjuż	sg - m - none
tiftita	sg - f - none
textix	coll - m - none
tgeżwir	sg - m - none
tħakkik	sg - m - none
allegat	sg - m - none
krozza	sg - f - none
kemmixija	sg - f - none
tisbira	sg - f - none
servibbli	none - none - none
sovran	sg - m - none
definiti	pl - none - none
widnija	pl - none - none
eżilji	pl - none - none
żgorbja	sg - f - none
mxengel	sg - m - none
bettiħa	sg - f - none
msielet	pl - none - none
postijiet	pl - m - none
disinn	sg - m - none
sammarin	pl - none - none
sewwejja	pl - none - none
maqjumin	pl - none - none
alternattivi	pl - none - none
mewġiet	pl - none - none
varjabilità	sg - f - none
xaħxiħin	pl - none - none
raxkamenti	pl - none - none
taħwila	sg - f - none
passolini	pl - none - none
pejjipin	pl - none - none
werrieki	sg - m - none
wemen	sg - m - none
żrajġen	sg - m - none
diwi	sg - m - none
tneżżigħ	sg - m - none
abbiltajiet	pl - none - none
gerbejba	sg - f - none
suwiċidji	pl - none - none
patrijarkali	none - none - none
qantarejn	dl - none - none
qattiela	pl - none - none
skis	pl - none - none
qabbież	sg - m - none
semmimija	pl - none - none
faqra	sg - f - none
ċella	sg - f - none
kurdiċelli	pl - none - none
lewwiqija	sg - f - none
twelid	sg - m - none
antik	sg - m - none
kejjiet	sg - m - none
barrami	sg - m - none
ċagħak	coll - m - none
tilwimiet	pl - none - none
mxenglin	pl - none - none
reċiproċi	pl - none - none
martellati	pl - none - none
miżwed	sg - m - none
berqa	sg - f - none
tfulija	sg - f - none
ġandra	sg - f - none
kubiżmu	sg - m - none
baqqat	sg - m - none
speċifikata	sg - f - none
ħattari	sg - m - none
patata	pl - none - none
ingases	pl - none - none
tifżira	sg - f - none
tilfifa	sg - f - none
dewwieq	sg - m - none
mediċini	pl - none - none
għaġib	none - none - none
newnija	pl - none - none
inkwiżizzjoni	sg - f - none
taħtita	sg - f - none
ditti	pl - f - none
anatomika	sg - f - none
malizzja	sg - f - none
krajta	sg - f - diminutive
bengaliż	sg - m - none
trijonf	sg - m - none
maqmieqi	sg - m - none
lissija	sg - f - none
qassabin	pl - none - none
magħrufa	sg - f - none
newwieli	sg - m - none
bikkiema	sg - f - none
magħżula	sg - f - none
laħħaqa	sg - f - none
teffigħija	pl - none - none
silkiet	pl - none - none
battami	sg - m - none
ħarrara	sg - f - none
bażbażin	pl - none - none
ġemġimija	sg - f - none
ġelġila	sg - f - none
rajjes	sg - m - none
żegħilija	sg - f - none
fallibbli	sg - m - none
tisripa	sg - f - none
satriet	pl - none - none
perrieċa	sg - f - none
diminuttiv	sg - m - none
Ewropej	pl - none - none
serrieda	pl - none - none
tagħsil	sg - m - none
żakkari	sg - m - none
żennien	sg - m - none
edizzjoni	sg - f - none
valanga	sg - f - none
laqqigħin	pl - none - none
armata	sg - f - none
tiġriħ	sg - m - none
nfuri	sg - m - none
temperaturi	pl - f - none
bewwilin	pl - none - none
kalaturi	pl - none - none
sapunetti	pl - none - none
fessej	sg - m - none
ħaġba	sg - f - none
sebbieqa	pl - none - none
titlit	sg - m - none
fawra	sg - f - none
żejjieta	sg - f - none
gedwidija	sg - f - none
tweġib	sg - m - none
sorsi	pl - m - none
karigi	pl - f - none
pizi	pl - none - none
elevata	sg - f - none
twebbil	sg - m - none
tempji	pl - m - none
tennija	sg - f - none
għożżieba	pl - none - none
tifi	sg - m - none
ħebba	sg - f - none
mrar	sg - m - none
tini	sg - m - none
tfajliet	sg - m - none
kaotiċi	pl - none - none
barbaġann	sg - m - none
rifront	sg - m - none
bziezel	pl - none - none
partit	sg - m - none
laqqamija	sg - f - none
inkompluta	sg - f - none
vopa	sg - f - none
ġebbilin	pl - none - none
temmimija	pl - none - none
sarrier	sg - m - none
programmi	pl - m - none
tbenċila	sg - f - none
fejqana	pl - none - none
misħutin	pl - none - none
fran	pl - none - none
batteriji	pl - none - none
żabriet	pl - none - none
qell	sg - m - none
fin	sg - m - none
ċeltiċi	pl - none - none
tkeffira	sg - f - none
naqqarija	sg - f - none
ċerimonji	pl - none - none
taqriħa	sg - f - none
ħiġin	pl - none - none
temmigħija	pl - none - none
xermida	sg - f - none
mixjiet	pl - none - none
salvazzjonijiet	pl - none - none
tlaqqit	sg - m - none
rikbiet	pl - none - none
nixxiefa	sg - f - none
partikolari	none - none - none
fejjiqija	sg - f - none
tneffiħa	sg - f - none
lwieħ	pl - none - none
għeqiebi	pl - none - none
weġġigħin	pl - none - none
felħana	pl - none - none
kaċċa	sg - f - none
ċuċ	sg - m - none
natħa	sg - f - none
sattara	sg - f - none
joniċi	pl - none - none
sahriet	pl - none - none
xaħxieħa	sg - f - none
tehżiża	sg - f - none
ortodoss	sg - m - none
mħalla	sg - f - none
sensara	pl - none - none
stadji	pl - m - none
pases	pl - none - none
evoluttiv	sg - m - none
laqqamin	pl - none - none
ġannatin	pl - none - none
naqgħa	sg - f - none
biljetti	pl - m - none
robotiċi	pl - none - none
stranġier	sg - m - none
attenzjonijiet	pl - f - none
kwalifikazzjoni	sg - f - none
wellied	sg - m - none
nervi	none - none - none
tregwi	pl - f - none
fares	pl - none - none
imburġatura	sg - f - none
qalba	sg - f - none
pejxu	sg - m - none
organiċi	pl - none - none
kattarija	sg - f - none
tħemmira	sg - f - none
komfort	sg - m - none
buqa	sg - f - none
turnaments	pl - none - none
heddiedi	sg - m - none
ħarrieq	sg - m - none
ġakketta	sg - f - none
samtiet	pl - none - none
ġlat	pl - none - none
heddieda	sg - f - none
għoġol	sg - m - none
invażjoni	sg - f - none
mbiebet	pl - none - none
siġriet	pl - none - none
ġuf	sg - m - none
linja	sg - f - none
imħeġġa	pl - none - none
ġiżirajjen	pl - none - none
tgħajjin	sg - m - none
tmejjila	sg - f - none
żelliġija	sg - f - none
ħoxnija	sg - f - none
użinija	sg - f - none
baqbuqija	sg - f - none
midjun	sg - m - none
ħattara	sg - f - none
tirbigħ	sg - m - none
fanatika	sg - f - none
ltiema	pl - none - none
zappapa	sg - f - none
deċiżjoni	sg - f - none
tnaħniħ	coll - m - none
mtieqel	pl - none - none
serriħija	sg - f - none
berbeqija	sg - f - none
tarfija	sg - f - none
barbarija	sg - f - none
dabiljusis	pl - none - none
saqsiqin	pl - none - none
libertajiet	pl - f - none
slaten	pl - none - none
rieqda	sg - f - none
konċiżi	pl - none - none
tiġrigħa	sg - f - none
lifts	pl - none - none
messaġġier	sg - m - none
thendim	none - none - none
ħattarin	pl - none - none
vakant	sg - m - none
analiżijiet	pl - none - none
skopert	sg - m - none
ġagħiela	sg - f - none
bukketti	pl - none - none
tila	sg - f - none
balluta	sg - f - none
ikkundannat	sg - m - none
qallejja	pl - none - none
attitudni	sg - f - none
trepidijiet	pl - none - none
tqantira	sg - f - none
fawwara	sg - f - none
saħħarija	sg - f - none
xulliefa	sg - f - none
pespusin	pl - none - none
ħabbiel	sg - m - none
zekzikija	pl - none - none
settarja	pl - none - none
barraxa	sg - f - none
satiriċi	pl - none - none
ferrieqi	sg - m - none
mqata	sg - f - none
krużis	pl - none - none
solvuti	pl - none - none
tagħlija	none - none - none
ġewż	sg - m - none
wellejja	sg - f - none
tmegħik	sg - m - none
turnament	sg - m - none
ċeramika	coll - none - none
twajra	sg - f - none
mnaxar	pl - none - none
bwejbiet	pl - none - diminutive
fallazi	pl - none - none
kalzetti	pl - none - none
entużjasti	pl - none - none
qawwa	sg - f - none
tiri	pl - none - none
saffajja	sg - f - none
tislibiet	pl - none - none
tferkixa	sg - f - none
mixwi	sg - m - none
Ċiniżi	pl - none - none
tnemmisa	sg - f - none
basal	coll - m - none
biżżiel	sg - m - none
tiżhira	sg - f - none
fassal	sg - m - none
żarb	sg - m - none
ċarratin	pl - none - none
nemes	sg - m - none
gremxul	sg - m - none
simplistika	sg - f - none
xirfien	sg - m - none
ħsur	pl - none - none
tavla	sg - f - none
żejjieda	pl - none - none
nmejla	sg - f - none
waħħal	sg - m - none
sotterrani	pl - none - none
dendil	sg - m - none
qaffasa	sg - f - none
ħobżiet	pl - none - comparative
tamrin	pl - none - none
tifriħ	sg - m - none
rqieqa	sg - f - none
żafżaf	coll - m - none
għamiż	sg - m - none
mekkiħija	sg - f - none
senswali	pl - none - none
xorz	sg - m - none
semmejja	sg - f - none
ħakma	sg - f - none
tkattira	sg - f - none
tqardix	coll - m - none
qlafat	pl - none - none
tikuża	sg - f - none
direttorju	sg - m - none
bolol	pl - none - none
muswaf	sg - m - none
qbiż	none - none - none
vizzju	sg - m - none
ħobi	sg - m - none
sagħqiet	pl - none - none
qastni	sg - m - none
demmiel	sg - m - none
vaska	sg - f - none
garanzija	sg - f - none
suspetti	pl - none - none
daħħanin	pl - none - none
disinni	pl - m - none
qanċiċija	pl - none - none
sarrafija	pl - none - none
timsiħ	sg - m - none
mulett	sg - m - none
statwi	pl - f - none
taħriq	none - none - none
suspett	sg - m - none
ġeżża	sg - f - none
arena	sg - f - none
ombrellun	sg - m - none
nawni	pl - none - none
esterna	sg - f - none
dramma	sg - f - none
fettitija	sg - f - none
turruni	pl - none - none
ħuġbejn	dl - none - none
peċpuċiet	pl - none - none
konvenzjonijiet	pl - f - none
preokkupazzjoni	sg - f - none
xiwja	sg - f - none
opri	pl - none - none
tibrida	sg - f - none
kalunnji	pl - none - none
laqqiegħ	sg - m - none
pinzelli	pl - none - none
ħajjari	sg - m - none
darbiet	pl - none - none
pożi	pl - none - none
popli	pl - m - none
żlielaq	pl - none - none
tpezpiz	coll - m - none
stat	sg - m - none
tagħbien	coll - m - none
karkura	sg - f - none
binja	sg - f - none
tirwiħ	sg - m - none
żebgħa	sg - f - none
fulu	sg - m - none
arkeoloġika	sg - f - none
tikbixa	sg - f - none
tipjipa	sg - f - none
bżejqa	sg - f - none
bardanin	pl - none - none
wessiqin	pl - none - none
importanti	none - none - none
barma	sg - f - none
linji	pl - f - none
beżbuża	sg - f - none
hemmimin	pl - none - none
salotti	pl - none - none
qejjiesa	pl - none - none
amorin	sg - m - none
żbiba	sg - f - none
ġawhriet	pl_ind - none - none
boloq	pl - none - none
sellikija	sg - f - none
żattati	sg - m - none
tpaħpiħ	coll - m - none
miżrek	none - none - none
indirizzi	pl - m - none
friġġ	sg - f - none
dawwarija	sg - f - none
liġġimin	pl - none - none
nemmisija	pl - none - none
mekkiek	sg - m - none
tbaxxira	sg - f - none
emien	sg - m - none
tgħala	sg - f - none
ġenerata	sg - f - none
żfejna	sg - f - none
ħuttaf	sg - m - none
ġejjien	sg - m - none
musan	sg - m - none
kaġuni	pl - none - none
ġlud	pl - none - none
sarbati	sg - m - none
vanità	sg - f - none
simbjotiċi	pl - none - none
għaġeb	sg - m - none
ħamrani	sg - m - none
ċivilizzazzjoni	sg - f - none
żġejġiet	pl - none - none
nannu	sg - m - none
tgħanqid	sg - m - none
niġġiemi	sg - m - none
xekxik	sg - m - none
pulizjott	sg - m - none
ħawwadin	pl - none - none
tbiddida	sg - f - none
newħ	sg - m - none
xieraq	sg - m - none
ħaddara	sg - f - none
teftifa	sg - f - none
taqriba	sg - f - none
konkreta	sg - f - none
sefturi	pl - none - none
kollega	sg - f - none
mnejżliet	pl - none - none
nittiefi	sg - m - none
karfusa	sg - f - none
istabbiliment	sg - m - none
inzertatura	sg - f - none
ċiprijotta	sg - f - none
